"(at) red all"; and "at unfavourable", "at red", "red against green" or "red against not".) Redeal In rubber bridge, the prescribed remedy for a faulty deal. In duplicate bridge, redeals are not used except in special cases and under a director's supervision. Redouble A call that doubles the penalties and bonuses that apply to a previous double. Used conventionally, a redouble may also convey additional information. Re-entry A card that enables a hand to gain the lead on a later
"A" on an A+ to F scale. On its release, Roger Ebert called the film one of the year's best, gave it four stars out of four, and described it as an exciting, sweet-tempered, heart-warming story with interesting friendships in the film. Janet Maslin of The New York Times also gave a positive review. The Karate Kid ranked #40 on Entertainment Weekly's list of the 50 Best High School Movies. The Karate Kid launched the career of Macchio, who would
"Amazing Grace", "Northfield" became "How Long, Dear Savior", and so on. The old system was intended in colonial times to permit mixing and matching of tunes and texts, but was unnecessary in a system where the pairing of tune and text was fixed. He transposed some songs into new keys. This is thought to have brought the notation closer to actual performing practice. He wrote new alto parts for the many songs that originally just had three vocal lines. The
"Down two." Down the line To bid the higher of two adjacent suits before the lower. For example, of two five-card majors, the spade suit is normally bid before the heart suit. Contrast Up the line. Draw To extract, usually trumps. To remove the opponents' trump cards is to "draw trumps." Drive out To force a stopper from an opponent's hand, usually by repeatedly leading the suit. Drop (Verb) To fall under a higher card: "The ♠Q dropped under the
"I explained to [the group], 'It's OK. It is only a temporary rift [...] I wanted to step out a little bit.'" The single peaked at number 32, while Pet Sounds reached number 10. Wilson was "mortified" that his artistic growth had failed to translate into a number-one album. Marilyn stated, "When it wasn't received by the public the way he thought it would be received, it made him hold back. ... but he didn't stop. He couldn't stop. He
"I think as an exercise in keeping [Wilson] occupied, it's interesting. [...] I talk to him every once in a while. But I'm never going to tell him that I'll take Pet Sounds over what he's doing now." One of the promotions for the album was a free CD issued through the Mail on Sunday in September 2004. The 10-track compilation included Beach Boys songs Wilson had recently rerecorded, five of which he coauthored with Love. The Mail on Sunday
"Let's Go to Heaven in My Car", appearing on the Police Academy 3 (1986) soundtrack. This body of work became known as "the Wilson Project". Wilson occasionally rejoined his bandmates on stage and performed his first ever solo gigs at several charity concerts around Los Angeles. In January 1987, he accepted a solo contract from Sire Records president Seymour Stein, who mandated co-production by multi-instrumentalist Andy Paley to keep Wilson focused. In return, Landy was allowed to serve as executive
"Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom. The PlayStation version of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone received a nomination from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences for "Console Family Game of the Year" at the 5th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (PlayStation) Instruction Booklet. Electronic Arts. 2001. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (PlayStation) at MobyGames
"Red Shi'a" revolutionary influence throughout Iran's neighbouring regions eventually led Saddam Hussein's Sunni-controlled and secular Iraq, backed by the United States and the rest of the Arab world, to invade the country in 1980. The invasion signalled the start of the deadly Iran-Iraq War that would last for eight years until 1988. While Pakistan remained largely neutral, Ruhollah Khomeini's continued threats to export Iranian revolutionary sentiment fuelled tensions between Pakistan's Sunnis and Shi'as. The rising militancy among Shi'a Muslims in
"Rio Grande", an eight-minute Western suite reminiscent of songs from Smile. Its release was largely overshadowed by the controversy surrounding Landy and the success of the Beach Boys' "Kokomo", their first number-one hit since "Good Vibrations" and the first without Wilson's involvement. In 1989, Wilson and Landy formed the company Brains and Genius. By then, Landy was no longer legally recognized as Wilson's therapist and had surrendered his California psychology license. Together, they worked on Wilson's second solo album, Sweet
"Two-Nation Theory/Pakistan Movement" as well as the state of Pakistan itself had received a severe negative blow to its reputation and questions arose in the Iranian establishment as to whether the residual western part of Pakistan could hold together and remain a single country. Events of this period caused significant perceptional changes in Tehran regarding Pakistan. When a widespread armed insurgency broke out in Pakistan's Balochistan province in 1973, Iran, fearing the Baloch insurgency might spill over into its own
"become even better", whereas The Grand Tour "seemed more scripted, less natural and at stages, forced... attention is often skewed away from the cars as the presenters, namely Clarkson, seemed to chase controversy and headlines". Anderson continues that in-studio segments became repetitive quickly, particularly "Celebrity Brain Crash", also noting that all three hosts seem to spend far too much time needling each other, and test driver Mike Skinner offers no worthwhile commentary. Digital Spy was positive of series 2, episode
"executive producer". In June 2013, Wilson's website announced that he was recording and self-producing new material with Don Was, Al Jardine, David Marks, Blondie Chaplin, and Jeff Beck. It stated that the material might be split into three albums: one of new pop songs, another of mostly instrumental tracks with Beck, and another of interwoven tracks dubbed "the suite" which initially began form as the closing four tracks of That's Why God Made the Radio. In January 2014, Wilson declared
"flat" ( < OFr < LL *plattus < Gmc, cf Germ platt "flat", OE plot "plot, piece of ground") platée aplatir platitude plat-bord plate-forme plate-bande plafond plateau "tray, plateau" platine "plate" platine (Metal.) "platina" pleige "pledge" pleiger pleutre "coward" ( < Flem pleute "rascal, good-for-nothing" < Gmc) ploc (Naut.) "sheathing-hair" poche "pocket" empocher pocher pochade pochette pocheter poltron "coward" ( < Ital poltrone < poltro "lazy" < OHG polstar "cushion" < Gmc, cf OE bolster "bolster, cushion") poltronnerie pompe "pump"
"godfathering" an era of independently produced music that was heavily indebted to his melodic sensibilities, chamber-pop orchestrations, and recording experiments. Many of the most popular acts of the 1980s and 1990s recorded songs that celebrated or referenced Wilson's music, including R.E.M., Bruce Springsteen, Barenaked Ladies, the Jayhawks, and Wilco. Simultaneously, the High Llamas inspired many American touring groups, especially around Los Angeles, to recognize Wilson as an "alternative music hero". Stereolab and the Elephant 6 collective, whose roster included Apples
"grease" suinter "to ooze" ( < OFr suiter < Frk *switan "to sweat" < Gmc, cf OHG suizan "to sweat", Dut sweeten "to sweat") suint suintement sur "sour" suret surelle surin surin "young apple tree" surlonge "sirloin" tache "spot" tacher tacher "to stain" tacheter entacher taisson "badger" ( < OFr tais < LL taxus < Gmc, cf OHG þahs "badger") talk-show "talk show" taler "to hurt someone" ( < taler, taller "to bruise" < Gmc *talōn "to snatch", cf OHG
"health" < Gmc) hellequin "will-o-the-wisp" héraldique "heraldic" héraut "herald" hère "fellow, wretch" ( < Germ Herr or Dut heer < Gmc, cf OE hearra "lord") hère "young stag" ( < Dut hert < Gmc, cf Eng hart) hermine "ermine" ( < OFr hermine < Frk *harmo, harmin- "ermine, weasel" < Gmc, cf OHG harmo, harmin "weasel, ermine, stoat", OS harmo, OE hearma"ermine") herminé héron "heron" héronneau héronnier héronnière hêtre "beech-tree" heurter "to strike" ( < OFr hurter "to knock into"
"holm oak, holly tree" hoyau "pickaxe, mattock" huche "bin" ( < OFr huche, huge < LL hutica < Gmc, cf OE hwicce "hutch") hucher "to whistle" ( < OFr huchier "to cry, shout" < LL huccare < Gmc *hukk-, cf MDu huuc "a shout") huchet hucher "to perch" ( < Frk *hūkōn "to squat" < Gmc, cf MHG hūcken, Dut huiken, Germ hocken "to squat") huchet "hunting-horn" huguenot "huguenot" ( < Swiss Germ Eidgenosse < Eid < OHG eit "oath"
"idealistic musicians" and the executives funding their ambitious projects. His accomplishments influenced many others in his field, effectively setting a precedent that allowed subsequent bands and artists to produce their own recording sessions. Following his exercise of total creative autonomy, he ignited an explosion of like-minded California producers, supplanting New York as the center of popular records. By 1966, he had overtaken Phil Spector's standing as a leading figure in the Los Angeles music scene; according to Hal Blaine, "Whereas
"intermediate two-bid." International Match Point (IMP) 1) (Noun) A method of scoring, usually in a teams match, that compares the score achieved on a board with that obtained by one's teammates on the same board, and converts the difference between these scores to IMPs using a scale defined by WBF. The IMP scale's effect is to reduce the weighting of large differences, thus making it less likely that the outcome of an entire match will depend on one or a
"is confident that when audiences see the play they will agree that it is the only proper medium for the story". Rowling also assured audiences that the play would contain an entirely new story and would not be a rehashing of previously explored content. On 24 September 2015, Rowling announced that the play had been split into two parts. The parts are designed to be viewed on the same day or consecutively over two evenings. On 23 October 2015, it
"is hated more than ever before in disaster-stricken Pakistan". The thrust of his speech was directed at Israel, India, and the US, but also made a veiled reference to Pakistan's nuclear program: "The US and the West are no longer the unquestionable decision-makers of the Middle East that they were two decades ago. Contrary to the situation 20 years ago, nuclear know-how and other complex technologies are no longer considered inaccessible daydreams for Muslim nations of the region." In 2017,
"key") quillier quiller quilleter -quin adjective suffix quinquin "small child" ( < Flem kinken < kind "child" < Gmc + -ken "-kin" < Gmc) quincaille "ironmongery" quincaillier quincaillerie rabâcher "to repeat over and over" rabâchage rabâcheur raboter "to plane" rabot rabougrir "to be stunted" rabrouer "to snub, scout" racaille "mob" raccrocher "to re-hook, hook again" ( < re- + Fr accrocher < Fr croc < ON krókr "hook" < Gmc) raccroc race "race, lineage" ( < It razza < Lomb
"kirk-mass" ( < Flem kerkmisse) kick kick-starter kidnapper "to kidnap" kidnappage kidnappeur kidnappeuse kidnapping kieselguhr king-charles kirsch-wasser (also kirschwasser) "kirsch-wasser" ( < Germ < Gmc) kit kitsch knickerbockers knickers knock-down knock-out knock-outer knout knouter kobold "cobalt" krach krack kraft kraken "kraken" kriegspiel laîche "sedge" laid "ugly" laideron laideur enlaidir laie "a female pig, sow" laie "path" ( < ML leda < Frk *laid- < Gmc, cf ON leid "way, lode", OE lād "course, path") laisse laisses laisser "to leave, let"
"lands-knight" < Gmc) laper "to lap" lapereau "bunny rabbit" ( < lapriel < lap-, probably of Gmc origin, cf Frk *hlaupan "to run, jump", OE hlēapan "to leap, jump, run") lapin "rabbit" last "a last, weight" latte "lath" latter lattis layer "to mark wood, bush-hammer" layeur layette "thin layer, baby linen" layetier lèche "thin slice" lèchefrite lécher "to lick" léchard lécheur léchonner léchefroie lège (Naut.) "light in weight or occupancy" lest "ballast" lester leste "brisk" lester "to ballast" lesteur lestage
"levered" means, doubled for penalties.) LHO Left-hand opponent Light (Adv.) To enter the auction with relatively low values (for example, to "open light" or "overcall light"). To do so can be either a matter of tactics or of general style. Lightner double A penalty double, usually of a slam contract, that requests partner to choose an unusual suit for the opening lead. This criterion tends to regard as typical (and thus to exclude) a trump lead, the lead of defenders'
"martially inclined", unlike Pashtuns and Punjabis; Bengalis dismissed the "martial races" notion as ridiculous and humiliating. Moreover, despite huge defense spending, East Pakistan received none of the benefits, such as contracts, purchasing and military support jobs. The Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 over Kashmir also highlighted the sense of military insecurity among Bengalis, as only an under-strength infantry division and 15 combat aircraft without tank support were in East Pakistan to repulse any Indian retaliations during the conflict. In 1947, the
"no triable issues of material fact". Al Jardine said in 2013 that he "didn't give it a whole lot of thought; I didn't want to go there at that time. They were good enough to send me a copy. So I dropped the needle, as they used to say, and listened to a few cuts, and it was very nice. But there's nothin' like the [vintage recordings]." Although critics widely referred to Wilson's 2004 version as the Smile album completed,
"packages" rather than just individual items. That is, a bidder can specify that they will pay for items A and B, but only if they get both. In combinatorial auctions, determining the winning bidder(s) can be a complex process where even the bidder with the highest individual bid is not guaranteed to win. For example, in an auction with four items (W, X, Y and Z), if Bidder A offers $50 for items W & Y, Bidder B offers $30
"pint" pioche "picaxe" piocher pique-nique "pic-nic" ( < Eng) piquer "to prick" pique piquant piquier piquette piqueur piqûre picoter piquet piquet "piquet (card game)" pistole "pistole" pistolet "pistol" pivert (Zoo.) "the green woodpecker" placage "metal plating" placard "placard" placarder plafond "ceiling" ( < plat "flat" < Gmc + fond "bottom") plaque (Metal.) "plate" plaquer plaqué plaquette plaqueur placage placard plat "flat" ( < OFr < LL *plattus < Gmc, cf Germ platt "flat", OE plot "plot, piece of ground") platée
"prattler" < Gmc) jaseur jaserie jauger "to gauge" ( < OFr jauge, gauge < Frk *galga, galgo "measuring rod, pole" < Gmc, cf OE gealga "gallows") jauge jaugeage javeline "javelin" javelot "a javelin" job "job" jockey "jockey" joli "pretty" joliet enjoliver joliveté joliment jucher "to perch, roost" juchoir déjucher K.O. "K.O., knockout" kart "go-cart" karting "carting" keepsake "keepsake, souvenir" kermesse "kirk-mass" ( < Flem kerkmisse) kick kick-starter kidnapper "to kidnap" kidnappage kidnappeur kidnappeuse kidnapping kieselguhr king-charles kirsch-wasser (also kirschwasser) "kirsch-wasser"
"produce a sound that teens dig, and that can be applied to any theme." Exhausted by his self-described "Mr Everything" role, he later expressed feeling mentally drained and unable to rest. Adding to his concerns were the group's "business operations" and the quality of their records, which he believed suffered from this arrangement. On December 18, 1964, Wilson was to accompany his bandmates for a two-week U.S. tour, but during a flight from Los Angeles to Houston, he experienced a
"sit-in" outside of the building, but leave when their safety is threatened by Iraqi soldiers. July 10 In Miami, former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega is sentenced to 40 years in prison for participating in the illegal drug trade and racketeering. The Giotto spacecraft flies past Comet 26P/Grigg–Skjellerup, gathering measurements about the comet. July 13 – Yitzhak Rabin becomes prime minister of Israel. July 16 – At the 1992 Democratic National Convention, Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton accepts his party's presidential nomination
"strategically turned the Cinco de Mayo Festival or celebration into a celebration of his power and his reign and made it something that was celebrated across Mexico and even in diasporic Mexican communities in the United States." Because of this association, in much of Mexico, Cinco de Mayo celebrations declined after Díaz was deposed in the Mexican Revolution. Today, the commemoration of the battle is not observed as a national holiday in Mexico (i.e. not a statutory holiday). However, all
"super conceited" umlaut "umlaut" up to date "modern" uppercut (Sports) "uppercut" ure (also urus) "aurochs" ( < MHG ūr < Gmc) urf "turf" vacarme "uproar" ( < Dut wacharmer) vagon "wagon" vague "wave" ( < ON vagr "water in motion, billow, wave" < Gmc, cf OHG wag, Goth wegs, ME waw "wave") vaguemestre "baggage handler" valser "to waltz" vandale "vandal" vandalisme varangue "floor of a ship" varech "kelp, sea-wrack" varlope "a jointer, plane" varloper vase "slime, mud" vaseux vasistas "casement
"the greatest piece of music that I've ever written". However, he attributed persistent paranoia later that year to his LSD use. After unsuccessful efforts to distance Wilson from Schwartz, Marilyn temporarily separated from him. She later reflected on the strain caused by his drug-associated social circle, stating, "He was not the same Brian... These people were very hurtful, and I tried to get that through to Brian." The couple soon reconciled, and, in late 1965, moved into a newly purchased
"the standing ovation was indescribable. I had never seen anything like it as an audience member or a performer. [...] They wouldn't let him speak or say anything. [...] I stepped up to him and said, 'Uh, Brian... I think they like SMiLE.'" During the encore, Parks performed shaker on "Do It Again". Sahanaja reported that, after the show, Wilson rocked back and forth backstage—out of relief that he had finally conquered his fear of Smile—exclaiming "Darian! Darian! We did
"there are modern avant-garde composers that do that, but someone that was as popular as Brian Wilson was in popular music, it just wasn’t done ... I don’t think even J.S. Bach ever did that." The flattened subtonic, which is common in the music of the Four Freshmen and popular music in general, is the nondiatonic chord that appears the most in Wilson's compositions. Sudden breaks into a cappella segments, again borrowed from the Four Freshmen, are another feature of
"to make") maquillage maquignon "horse-dealer" maquignonnage maraîcher "a kitchen gardener" marais "marsh; kitchen garden" maraud "knave, rascal" ( < OFr marault "beggar, vagabond" < OFr marir "to lose one's way" < OHG marrjan "to obstruct" < Gmc + -wald, -walt suffix < Gmc) marauder marauder "to maraud" maraude maraudeur marc "mark" marc "dregs, residue" marcassin "a young boar" marche "march, military frontier" marche "march, walk" marchepied "a step-stair" marcher "to march, walk" ( < OFr marchier "to tread, move" <
"to slaughter, massacre", Germ metzgern "to butcher") massacre massacreur mat "dull, heavy" matir matité matoir matte matité mât (Naut.) "mast" mâter démâter mâture mâtereau matelot "sailor" ( < Dut mattenoot < Gmc) matelote matir (Metal.) "to dull, deaden" matois "swindler, gangster" ( < mate "place appointed for robbers" < Germ Matte < Gmc, cf Eng meadow) matoiserie mâture "masts; wood for masts" mauvais "bad" ( < OFr malvais < *malvasi < Frk *balvasi "bad, malicious" < Gmc, cf OHG balvasi
"what elevates them into something approaching a utopian vision is Wilson's orchestrations: brief bridge melodies, youthful harmonies [...] and an enthralling profusion of instrumental colors." Dominique Leone of Pitchfork declared, "As the mythical follow-up to Pet Sounds, it delivers, and despite his age, Wilson's voice even sounds fantastic, still carrying the weight of these angelic melodies." The Village Voice's Tom Smucker felt that it might go on to be considered "album of the year" and described it as "the first
"zigzag" ( < Germ Zickzack < Zacke "tack, cog, tooth" < Gmc) zigzaguer zigzagant zigzagueur zigzagure zinc "zinc" ( < Germ Zink < Zinke "prong, tine" < Gmc) zinguer zincage (also zingage) zincifère zincite zinckénite zincographie zincogravure zincosite zinguer zinguerie zingueur zinnia zip zipper zippé zoom History of French Old Frankish Franks List of Spanish words of Germanic origin List of Portuguese words of Germanic origin List of Galician words of Germanic origin List of French words of Gaulish origin
$1 billion at the box office on March 1, 1998. Titanic held the record for the highest-grossing film of all time for 12 years until it was surpassed by Avatar (also directed by James Cameron) on January 25, 2010. The Jurassic Park franchise became the sixth film franchise to gross $1 billion with the release of The Lost World: Jurassic Park. Sony Pictures became the year's highest-grossing distributor in the United States and Canada, with $1.3 billion in domestic gross.
$1.3 million the week before he joined to $2.6 million over his first seven performances. As of 2025, the play, produced by Sonia Friedman and Colin Callender, was considered the most financially successful drama in Broadway history, with grosses of over $444 million. On 24 October 2017, it was announced that Harry Potter and the Cursed Child would make its Australian premiere at the Princess Theatre in Melbourne. In anticipation of the play, the Princess Theatre underwent an estimated $6.5
$10 million for alleged failures in supervising the lawyers handling the Irving Music and Love lawsuits. According to his second wife Melinda, when they married in 1995, Wilson was entangled in nine separate lawsuits, many unresolved until the early 2000s. Wilson's productivity had increased significantly after his disassociation from Landy. He and Andy Paley composed and recorded a substantial body of material intended for a proposed Beach Boys album throughout the early to mid-1990s. Concurrently, Wilson collaborated with musician Don
$100, the final bid may more likely approach $1,000. Absentee bids – this is when a prospective buyer places a bid on an item without attending the sale. This is sometimes referred to instead as a commission bid because the auctioneer is effectively commissioned to enter bids on the potential buyer's behalf. The bid is submitted prior to the auction by whatever means the auctioneer has stipulated. Appraisal – an estimate of an item's worth, usually performed by an expert
$3.8 million. Dennis Hof of the brothel was to receive half of the winning bid. A news report in May 2010 suggested that the episode may have been a hoax, although Hof insisted it was not. It also appears that the transaction was never consummated, as Hof stated: "It didn't work out, but she still made $250,000 out of the deal," referencing a $250,000 deposit put up by an Australian businessman who later backed out after reconciling with his ex-wife.
'descending-price' — the reverse Dutch auction is an ascending-price auction because forward Dutch auctions are descending. By revealing the competing bids in real-time to every participating supplier, reverse auctions promote "information transparency". This, coupled with the dynamic bidding process, improves the chances of reaching the fair market value of the item. A double auction is a combination of both forward and reverse auctions. A Walrasian auction or Walrasian tâtonnement is a double auction in which the auctioneer takes bids from
'reserve' price) and the final bid does not reach that price the item will remain unsold. Sometimes the auctioneer sets a minimum amount, sometimes known as a bidding increment, by which the next bid must exceed the current highest bid. The most significant distinguishing factor of this auction type is that the current highest bid is always available to potential bidders, although at that time there may be higher absentee bids held by the auctioneer which are not known to
(10). He was named the This Year in Baseball Closer of the Year after the season. He finished 13th in NL Most Valuable Player (MVP) voting. Wilson made his playoff debut in Game 2 of the NL Division Series against the Atlanta Braves; he blew a save, but that was partly because of an error by Pablo Sandoval. He earned saves in Games 3 and 4 as the Giants defeated the Braves in four games. In the NL Championship Series,
(1966). He is considered the first rock producer to apply the studio as an instrument and one of the first music producer auteurs. Facing lifelong struggles with mental illness, Wilson had a nervous breakdown in late 1964 and soon withdrew from regular concert touring to concentrate on songwriting and recording. In 1966, he produced the band's album Pet Sounds and his first solo credited release, "Caroline, No", as well as their unfinished album Smile. Branded a genius, by the late
(1983). The Music of the English Parish Church. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-27457-9. Boyd, Joe Dan (2002) Judge Jackson and The Colored Sacred Harp. Alabama Folklife Association. ISBN 0-9672672-5-0 See also the bibliographic entries under Shape note. Campbell, Gavin James (1997) " 'Old Can Be Used Instead of New': Shape-Note Singing and the Crisis of Modernity in the New South, 1880–1920." Journal of American Folklore 110:169–188. Cobb, Buell (2013). Like Cords Around My Heart: A Sacred Harp Memoir. Outskirts Press.
(1984) Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils No. 88 retired In 1999, Mississippi Valley State University renamed their football stadium the Rice–Totten Stadium Pro Football Hall of Fame – Class of 2010 College Football Hall of Fame – Class of 2006 Black College Football Hall of Fame – Class of 2010 Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame – Class of 2007 Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame – Class of 2007 Mississippi Valley State University Athletics Hall of Fame – Class of
(2000) No. 80 retired by the San Francisco 49ers San Francisco 49ers Hall of Fame No. 1 on The Top 100: NFL's Greatest Players Blue–Gray Football Classic Champion (1984) Blue–Gray Football Classic MVP (1984) 2× First Team Division I-AA All-American (1983, 1984) 2× GNS First Team All-American (1983, 1984) NEA First Team All-American (1984) Sporting News All-American (1984) FWAA All-American (1984) Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils No. 88 retired In 1999, Mississippi Valley State University renamed their football stadium the
(2003) traces the earliest roots of Sacred Harp to the "country parish music" of early 18th century England. This form of rural church music evolved a number of the distinctive traits that were passed on from tradition to tradition, until they ultimately became part of Sacred Harp singing. These traits included the assignment of the melody to the tenors, harmonic structure emphasizing fourths and fifths, and the distinction between the ordinary four-part hymn ("plain tune"), the anthem, and the fuguing
(ACBL) methods, scoring is one point for each pair beaten, and one-half point for each pair tied. Note 2: The rule of two matchpoints for each pair beaten is easy to apply in practice: if the board is played n times, the top result achieves 2n−2 matchpoints, the next 2n−4, down to zero. When there are several identical results, they receive the average. However, complications occur if not every board is played the same number of times, or when an
(Draco Malfoy), Sam Clemmett (Albus Potter), and Anthony Boyle (Scorpius Malfoy). The production began previews on 16 March 2018, before an official opening night on 22 April 2018. In March 2019, the second-year cast was announced, which included James Snyder as Harry Potter, Jenny Jules as Hermione Granger, Matt Mueller as Ron Weasley, Diane Davis as Ginny Potter, Jonno Roberts as Draco Malfoy, Nicholas Podany as Albus Potter, Nadia Brown as Rose Granger-Weasley, and Bubba Weiler as Scorpius Malfoy. On
(GNSS) that went live in 2016, created by the EU through the ESA, operated by the EUSPA, with two ground operations centres in Fucino, Italy, and Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany. The €10 billion project is named after the Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei. One of the aims of Galileo is to provide an independent high-precision positioning system so European political and military authorities do not have to rely on the US GPS, or the Russian GLONASS systems, which could be disabled or degraded
(HCP or with distribution points included) with the only exception of "Gambling 3NT". Opening bids at the one level are made with hands containing 12–13 points or more and which are not suitable for one of the preceding bids. Using Standard American with 5-card majors, opening hearts or spades usually promises a 5-card suit. Partnerships who agree to play 5-card majors open a minor suit with 4-card majors and then bid their major suit at the next opportunity. This means
(In 2014 Greg Holland of Kansas City matched this feat.) The Giants faced the Texas Rangers in the World Series. Wilson appeared in three games, allowing no runs. He recorded the save in the series-clinching Game 5 as the Giants won their first World Series since 1954. Wilson strained an oblique muscle in 2011 spring training and opened the season on the DL. He was activated from the DL on April 6. After posting a 3.75 ERA in his first
(Naut.) "to pitch" tangage tanière "lair" tanin "tannin" tanner "to tan" tannage tanneur tannerie tapage "uproar" tapageur tape "tap, slap" taper "to slap" tape tapage tapinois (en) "stealthily" tapir "to crouch" tapiner tapinois tapon "bundle" taponner tapoter "to slap" taquer "to jolt" tarabuster "to pester" targe "target" target targette targuer tarir "to dry up" tarissable tarissement intarissable tas "heap" tasser entasser tassement tassement "a sinking, subsidence" tasser "to subside" taud "rain awning" taude tauder taudis "slum" terne (Bot.) "ternal" ternir
(Naut.) "to refit" radoub rafler "to carry off" rafle rafraîchir "to refresh, cool" rafraîchissant rafraîchissement ragaillardir "to cheer up" ragréer "to restore, finish" raguer (Naut.) "to chafe" râle (Med.) "a rattle" râler "to have a rattling in the throat" râle râlement ralingue "a bolt-rope" ralinguer ramequin "small cake with cheese" rampe "flight of stairs" ramper "to crawl" rampe rampant rampement ranche "wooden peg" ( < OFr < Frk *runka < hrunga "rung" < Gmc, infl by *hranka "vine shoot, gimlet"
(Noun) The basic six tricks that must be taken by the declaring side. The first six "book" tricks are always assumed and are not taken into account in bidding or scoring. Thus, a contract at the 1-level commits declarer to take at least 7 (that is, 6 + 1) tricks, and provides trick points only for the trick above book. The term apparently originated from the whist practice of arranging the first six tricks into a stack called a "book."
(PPP) had won the exclusive mandate in four provinces of West Pakistan but none in East Pakistan. The Pakistan Muslim League (PML), led by Nurul Amin, was the only party to have representation from all over the country, but it failed to gain the mandate to run the government. The Awami League had 160 seats in the National Assembly, all won from East Pakistan; the socialist PPP had 81, and the conservative PML had 10. The general elections's results reflected
(Pakistan) and Ideparvaran MashreghQazal Ltd (Iran). Several events under this platform are being organized by the [Pakistani in Iran] and Iranian authorities under the title of KarafarinShow in Iran, Pakistan and Turkey. The Iran-Pakistan-India pipeline (IPI Pipeline) is currently under discussion; though India backed out from the project. India has resisted joining the IPI, insisting that it pay for gas delivered through the pipeline only upon delivery in India due to threats of terrorism from Pakistan. In addition, the international
(Slang, adjective and noun) A singleton. Stop An instruction given to opponents when you make a jump bid, or skip bid. LHO is expected to wait around 10 seconds before calling, so as to avoid communicating information to partner as to how easy his call is to make. See skip-bid warning. Stopper A high card (normally, an honor) whose primary function is to prevent the opponents from running a suit in a notrump contract. See also Control. Strain See denomination.
(Swedish eBay). Holidays – A variety of holidays are available for sale online particularly via eBay. Vacation rentals appear to be the most common. Many holiday auction websites have launched but failed. Mystery auction – An auction where bidders bid for boxes or envelopes containing unspecified or underspecified items, usually on the hope that the items will be humorous, interesting, or valuable. In the early days of eBay's popularity, sellers began promoting boxes or packages of random and usually low-value
(US$84 trillion) net wealth in the world, equal to around one sixth (US$76 trillion) of the US$454 trillion global wealth. Of the top 500 largest corporations in the world measured by revenue in 2024, 90 had their headquarters in the EU. In 2016, unemployment in the EU stood at 8.9 per cent while inflation was at 2.2 per cent, and the account balance at −0.9 per cent of GDP. The average annual net earnings in the European Union was around
(Verb) In duplicate bridge, to play one round in a given direction, and the next round in the opposite direction at the same table 3b) (Noun) In duplicate bridge, a pivot table is a table where each pair will perform a pivot. This can only happen in a Howell movement, or another similar movement, where players move between East-West and North-South during the course of the game. Plafond A French, whist-like card game whose scoring foreshadowed that used in contract
(Verb) To play one of two touching honors when the lead comes through them. Split menace A menace in squeeze play which depends on values in both declarer's hand and dummy. Split tenace A position where the high cards of a tenace are in opposite hands, e.g. Ax opposite Qx; usually relevant only when a lead by an opponent with the missing honor card (here, the K) would be damaging to his side. Sponsor 1) The organization that puts on
(Zoo.) "a wagtail" hocher "to shake" hoche hochet hochet "a child's rattle" homard "lobster" honnir "to dishonour" honte "shame" honteux éhonté honteux "ashamed" hoque "small coat" hoquet "hiccup" hotte "basket" houblon "hop" houblonner houblonnière houe "hoe" houille "coal" ( < Walloon hoie < Lat hullae < Frk *hukila "heap, mound" < hukk- < Gmc, cf Dut Dial heukel, MDu hokke, Germ Hocke) houiller houilleur houillère houle "billow" ( < Norm houle "cavity, rabbit hole" < ON hol "hole" < Gmc,
(artificial). A natural call carries a meaning that reflects the call; a natural bid intuitively showing hand or suit strength based on the level or suit of the bid, and a natural double expressing that the player believes that the opposing partnership will not make their contract. By contrast, a conventional (artificial) call offers and/or asks for information by means of pre-agreed coded interpretations, in which some calls convey very specific information or requests that are not part of the
(both Norman and Gaelic) who fought in Edward I's Scottish wars at the turn of the 14th century. These were the arms of Edmund the Martyr, which the Irish lords adopted as their banner in the same way as English lords identified with the banner of St. George. However, these arms were also well known in other medieval contexts and are often attributed to King Arthur. It is believed that the three crowns were abandoned as the arms of Ireland
(by ruffing subsequent rounds). When declarer holds either no top honors or the ace and low cards opposite a splinter in the dummy, the combined hands may win several more tricks than the partnership might have expected without awareness of the powerful fit. Splinter bid An unusual jump bid that by agreement shows a fit for partner's last-bid suit and a singleton or void in the bid suit. For example, a partnership could treat 4♣ in response to an opening
(e.g. méfait, bouillard, carnavalesque) are excluded, as are words borrowed from a Germanic language where the origin is other than Germanic (for instance, cabaret is from Dutch, but the Dutch word is ultimately from Latin/Greek, so it is omitted). Likewise, words which have been calqued from a Germanic tongue (e.g. pardonner, bienvenue, entreprendre, toujours, compagnon, plupart, manuscrit, manoeuvre), or which received their usage or sense (i.e. were created, modified or influenced) due to Germanic speakers or Germanic linguistic habits (e.g.
(e.g., the semi-final round), or a set of boards that two pairs play against one another. Of a control, the round on which the control can stop the opponents from winning a trick. An ace, for example, is a first round control; the king is a second round control. Rounded suit Hearts or clubs. The term refers to the shape at the tops of the suit symbols. Contrast Pointed suit. Round-robin tournament, or round-robin An event format in which each
(or the opponents have been doubled at a level high enough to compensate). Some treatments relax the requirement: for example, the agreement that in the sequence 1M – 2m, the 2m response is a game force unless the suit is rebid. So, in 1♠ – 2♦; 2♥ – 3♦, 3♦ would cancel the game-forcing message of the 2♦ bid. See also Forcing bid, Grand slam force and One round force. Game try A bid that invites partner to bid game
(red or black), rank (majors, or minors) or shape (rounded or pointed). The type of pairing is shown by the number of steps above RHO's bid which are taken up by the over call. (Uncapitalised) The play of two winners by a pair on a single trick: for example, the ace and king of trumps. This usually involves a declarer's use of a deceptive play to cause a defender to follow suit with one high card (for example, the king
(who believed in separation of church and state and freedom of religion) against Conservatives (who favored a tight bond between the Catholic Church and the Mexican state). These wars nearly bankrupted the Mexican Treasury. On July 17, 1861, Mexican President Benito Juárez issued a moratorium in which all foreign debt payments would be suspended for two years. In response, France, Spain, and the United Kingdom held a convention in London and joined in alliance to send naval forces to Veracruz
*hauwa "hoe, cutting implement" < Gmc, cf OHG houwen "to cut, hew", OE hēawan "to cut, hew") averon "wild oats" ( < OHG habaro < Gmc) havre "harbour" havresac "knapsack" ( < havre-sac "oat-bag" < Germ Habersack < Gmc) heaume "helm" héberger "to harbour, lodge" héberge hébergement hébergeur héler "to hail" ( < ME heilen "to hail" < ON heill "health" < Gmc) hellequin "will-o-the-wisp" héraldique "heraldic" héraut "herald" hère "fellow, wretch" ( < Germ Herr or Dut heer <
-1700 to -2300. Also, the "insult bonus" in rubber bridge for making a redoubled contract used to be only 50. This was changed to 100, so that playing 5 of a minor, redoubled, making an overtrick, is always worth more than an undoubled small slam. It has always been the intention of every official set of Laws of Contract Bridge to forbid contracts for more than thirteen tricks. Some versions have stated this more clearly than others, but this intention
/ YouTube Premium in May 2018 and April 2019. The creators of the series explored moving to another platform ahead of the season two premiere, but the deal did not go through. The third season was produced for YouTube and was initially set for a 2020 release, but in May 2020, the series left YouTube and moved to Netflix ahead of its third-season premiere. As YouTube was not interested in renewing the series for a fourth season, the producers wanted
0-486-21425-7 Jackson, George Pullen (1933b) "Buckwheat notes", The Musical Quarterly XIX(4):393–400. Miller, Kiri (ed.) (2002) The Chattahoochee Musical Convention, 1852–2002: A Sacred Harp Historical Sourcebook. The Sacred Harp Museum. ISBN 1-887617-13-2 Miller, Kiri (2007) Traveling Home: Sacred Harp Singing and American Pluralism. University of Illinois Press. ISBN 0-252-03214-4 Sommers, Laurie Kay (2010) "Hoboken Style: Meaning and Change in Okefenokee Sacred Harp Singing" Southern Spaces ISSN 1551-2754 Steel, David Warren with Richard H. Hulan (2010) The Makers of the Sacred Harp.
0-943855-44-6. OCLC 49606900. Manley, Brent; Horton, Mark; Greenberg-Yarbro, Tracey; Rigal, Barry, eds. (2011). The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge (7th ed.). Horn Lake, MS: American Contract Bridge League. ISBN 978-0-939460-99-1. Culbertson, Ely, ed. (1935). The Encyclopedia of Bridge. New York: The Bridge World, Inc. 477 pages. The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge (seven editions, 1964 to 2011). Reese, Terence (1965). Bridge Conventions, Finesses and Coups. New York: Cornerstone Library Publications. 192 pages. Reese, Terence; Dormer, Albert (1959). Bridge Player's Dictionary. New York:
1 and 13 on 15 January 2018. At the start of 2018, high-speed Eurostar train services between Paris or Brussels and London began to feature The Grand Tour as part of the available on board entertainment package. Since September 14, 2024, The Grand Tour airs in syndication on local stations across the United States. On 15 January 2019, Amazon Game Studios released a companion video game for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, to coincide with the third series of the
1 – Boutros Boutros-Ghali of Egypt replaces Javier Pérez de Cuéllar of Peru as United Nations Secretary-General. January 6 The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic is proclaimed by the Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh. 1991–92 Georgian coup d'état: President of Georgia Zviad Gamsakhurdia flees the country as a result of the military coup. January 7 – 1992 European Community Monitor Mission helicopter downing: A Yugoslav Air Force Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 attacks two Italian Army Agusta-Bell AB-206L LongRanger helicopters carrying observers from the European Community Monitor Mission.
1) (Noun) A card in the trump suit whose trick-taking power is greater than any plain suit card. 2) (Verb) To play a trump after a plain suit has been led; see Ruff. Trump control The ability, from a combination of the holding in trumps with play technique, to prevent the opponents from taking too many tricks in a plain suit. Trump echo An echo in the trump suit, long used to alert partner to the possibility of a defensive
1) (Noun) A grouping of four players at a bridge tournament. 2) (Verb) To put down one's cards face up. 3) See dummy (2). Table card A large printed card placed on a table in a bridge tournament. The card contains instructions for the players, including players' designations and board numbers. Also, "Guide card." Table presence Awareness of opponents' behavior and mannerisms, leading to inferences regarding their holdings and problems on a deal. It is improper to take action on
1, 2016 Four states have not ratified the Twenty-seventh Amendment: Massachusetts, Mississippi, New York, and Pennsylvania. On May 19, 1992, the Twenty-seventh Amendment's certificate of ratification, signed by the Archivist of the United States, Don W. Wilson, on May 18, 1992, was printed and published in the Federal Register. In certifying that the amendment had been duly ratified, the Archivist of the United States had acted under statutory authority granted to his office by the Congress under 1 U.S.C. §
1,000 receiving yards in a season for the fourth time in a road victory over the Minnesota Vikings. Overall, Moore had 96 receptions for 1,364 yards and eight touchdowns, all career highs. On July 31, 2024, Moore and the Bears agreed to a four-year, $110 million contract extension. In addition, the deal made Moore the first receiver in NFL history to have the first 10 years of his career guaranteed. In Week 5 of the 2024 season, against his former
100 touchdown receptions: 120 games Fastest player to reach 14,000 receiving yards: 164 games Fastest player to reach 15,000 receiving yards: 172 games Most points scored by a non-kicker: 1,256 Most games played by a wide receiver: 303 (leads all non-kickers and non-quarterbacks) Oldest player to catch a touchdown in a Super Bowl: 40 years, 105 days Most receiving touchdowns in a game: 5 (tied with Kellen Winslow and Bob Shaw) Throughout his collegiate and professional career, Rice has won
108-yard performance against the Broncos. Rice caught 83 passes for 1,139 yards and nine touchdowns for the year. Oakland finished the season with a 10–6 record and made the postseason. The Raiders played the New York Jets in the Wild Card Round, winning 38–24, with Rice having nine receptions for 183 yards and a touchdown. In the Divisional Round, the Raiders faced Tom Brady and the New England Patriots. In what was later called the "Tuck Rule Game", the Raiders
10cc, and Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, among others. Musicologist Bill Martin acknowledged Wilson's influence on progressive rock, particularly through his complex songwriting and basslines. According to journalist Erik Davis, in addition to composing "a soundtrack to the early '60s", Wilson initiated "a delicate and joyful art pop unique in music history and presaged the mellowness so fundamental to '70s California pop". Parks stated that "Wilson made music as accessible as a cartoon and yet rewarded repeated listening as much
10th Sector was placed under Osmani's command and included the Naval Commandos and C-in-C's special force. Three brigades (eventually 8 battalions) were raised for conventional warfare; a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained. Five infantry battalions were reformed and positioned along the northern and eastern borders of Bangladesh. Three more battalions were raised, and artillery batteries were formed. During June and July, Mukti Bahini regrouped across the border with Indian aid through Operation Jackpot and began sending 2,000–5,000
11 – Royal Jomtien Resort Hotel fire at Pattaya, Thailand's worst hotel fire, kills 90. July 13 – The remains of Che Guevara are returned to Cuba for burial, alongside some of his comrades. Guevara and his comrades were executed on October 9 1967 in Bolivia. July 15 – Spree killer Andrew Cunanan shoots fashion designer Gianni Versace dead outside Versace's Miami Beach residence. July 17 – The F. W. Woolworth Company closes after 117 years in business. July 25
11 – The Kyoto Protocol is adopted by a United Nations committee. December 15 – Microsoft releases Windows 98 Beta 3. December 16 – In Japan, over 700 children suffer photosensitive epilepsy attacks after watching an episode of the Pokémon anime. December 19 Janet Jagan (widow of Cheddi Jagan) takes office in Guyana. SilkAir Flight 185 crashes into the Musi River, near Palembang in Indonesia, killing 104. James Cameron's Titanic is released in theaters in the United States. It will
12 minutes long. While the tape was presented during the trial, some clips of the incident were not released to the public. In a later interview, King, who was on parole for a robbery conviction and had past convictions for assault, battery and robbery, said he did not surrender earlier because he was driving while intoxicated, which he knew violated the terms of his parole. The footage of King being beaten by police became an instant focus of media attention
12–14, 'strong' 15–17 or 16–18) Stayman (together with Blackwood, described as "the two most famous conventions in Bridge".) What types of cue bids (e.g. bidding the opponents' suit) the partnership will play, if any. Whether 1♣ (and sometimes 1♦) is 'natural' or 'suspect' (also called 'phoney' or 'short'), signifying an opening hand lacking a notable heart or spade suit Whether an opening bid of 1♥ and 1♠ requires a minimum of 4 or 5 cards in the suit (4 or
13 February 2020, it was announced that the production would have its Asian premiere at the TBS Akasaka ACT Theater in Tokyo, Japan. Renovations of the TBS Akasaka ACT Theater began in 2021, which was being re-designed to be "a site-specific venue for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child", and would re-open in time for the theatre's 70th anniversary. The cast for the Tokyo production was announced on 26 January 2022, and would include multiple actors splitting each of the
13 each. Dealer The player who makes the first call in the auction. In some versions of the game, this player also deals the cards. In rubber bridge, the first dealer is usually decided by a cut for the highest card. In duplicate bridge, cards are dealt only at the start of the session and the deal is preserved during the session by the use of boards. The "dealer" who will make the first call is identified by a mark
13 others, Iranian officials criticized Pakistan. Iranian Major General Mohammad Ali Jafari asked Pakistan to conduct a crackdown against armed group Jaish ul-Adl before Tehran takes revenge on the group. In February 2019, Bahram Ghasemi, speaking for the Foreign Ministry of Iran, said it would not tolerate what it saw as Pakistan's "inability to stop cross-border attacks in Iran". Pakistan, in turn, offered Iran cooperation in investigating the bombing and expressed sympathy for the victims of the attack. A Pakistani
14 – Puff Daddy and The Family's "I'll Be Missing You" single is #1 on the Hot 100 charts for the next 11 weeks, only to be replaced by The Notorious B.I.G. posthumous single "Mo Money Mo Problems", also featuring Puff Daddy. June 24 – Disney-owned Hollywood Records drops Insane Clown Posse from their roster and pulls the album The Great Milenko after only six hours of release, in an attempt to placate the Southern Baptist Church who were threatening
16 January 2024, Iran carried out an operation targeting the headquarters of Balochi terrorist group Jaish al-Adl with drone and missile strikes, on Pakistani soil, killing 2 children. This prompted the retaliatory operation "Marg Bar Saramchar" from Pakistan on 18 January 2024, targeting terrorists in the Iranian province of Sistan and Baluchistan, killing 4 children and 3 women, following warning of consequences for impeding on Pakistan's airspace and sovereignty, and dissolving diplomatic relations with Iran. Pakistan claimed that "2 innocent
16 receptions for 165 receiving yards and three receiving touchdowns. For his game against the Rams, he won NFC Offensive Player of the Week. In Week 15 against the Chargers, he had 12 receptions for 144 receiving yards in the 38–15 victory. He passed Largent for second place in the 16th game of the season. Rice was selected to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. With a 13–3 record and making the postseason, the 49ers won against the Bears
16) December 16 Snot, American rapper Zara Larsson, Swedish singer-songwriter, musician, and activist Nat Ćmiel (born Natasha Yelin Chang), Singaporean songwriter and producer known for the musical project, Yeule December 20 – Suzuka Nakamoto, Japanese singer (Babymetal) December 21 Kida, Kosovan singer Pedro Sampaio, Brazilian singer and music producer December 29 – Dylan Minnette, American actor, musician and singer (Wallows) January 1 Ivan Graziani, Italian singer-songwriter and guitarist, 51 Townes Van Zandt, country-folk musician, 52 January 2 – Randy California,
18 people are killed in the Thredbo landslide in the Snowy Mountains resort in Australia. August 3 – Between 40 and 76 villagers are killed in the Oued El-Had and Mezouara massacre in Algeria. August 3–11 – Two of the three islands of the Union of the Comoros – Anjouan and Mohéli – attempt to revert to colonial rule by France. The plan fails when the French government of President Jacques Chirac refuses to recolonize them, resulting in the two
1880–1920." Journal of American Folklore 110:169–188. Cobb, Buell (2013). Like Cords Around My Heart: A Sacred Harp Memoir. Outskirts Press. ISBN 978-1-4787-0462-1. Eastburn, Kathryn (2008) A Sacred Feast: Reflections on Sacred Harp Singing and Dinner on the Ground University of Nebraska Press. ISBN 978-0-8032-1831-4 Jackson, George Pullen (1933a) White Spirituals in the Southern Uplands. University of North Carolina Press. ISBN 0-486-21425-7 Jackson, George Pullen (1933b) "Buckwheat notes", The Musical Quarterly XIX(4):393–400. Miller, Kiri (ed.) (2002) The Chattahoochee Musical Convention, 1852–2002:
1886, is Biritch, or Russian Whist written by John Collinson, an English financier working in Ottoman Constantinople. It and his subsequent letter to The Saturday Review, dated 28 May 1906, document the origin of Biritch as being the Russian community in Constantinople. The word biritch is thought to be a transliteration of the Russian word Бирюч (бирчий, бирич), an occupation of a diplomatic clerk or an announcer. Another theory is that British soldiers invented the game bridge while serving in
1898 to establish a modern constitutional monarchy, but these plans were thwarted by the Empress Dowager Cixi. The ill-fated anti-foreign Boxer Rebellion of 1899–1901 further weakened the dynasty. Although Cixi sponsored a program of reforms known as the late Qing reforms, the Xinhai Revolution of 1911 ended the Qing dynasty. Puyi, the last Emperor, abdicated in 1912. On 1 January 1912, the Republic of China (ROC) was established, and Sun Yat-sen of the Kuomintang was proclaimed provisional president. In 1912,
1899, they became what Zywicki refers to as "a good teaching experience", and Utah never again failed to elect senators. Another concern was that when deadlocks occurred, state legislatures were unable to conduct their other normal business; James Christian Ure, writing in the South Texas Law Review, notes that this did not in fact occur. In a deadlock situation, state legislatures would deal with the matter by holding "one vote at the beginning of the day—then the legislators would continue
1912, the Republic of China (ROC) was established, and Sun Yat-sen of the Kuomintang was proclaimed provisional president. In 1912, the presidency was given to Yuan Shikai, a former Qing general who in 1915 proclaimed himself Emperor of China. In the face of popular condemnation and opposition from his own Beiyang Army, he was forced to re-establish the republic in 1916. After Yuan's death in 1916, China was politically fragmented. Its Beijing-based government was internationally recognized but virtually powerless; regional
1913 Michigan: January 28, 1913 Iowa: January 30, 1913 Montana: January 30, 1913 Idaho: January 31, 1913 West Virginia: February 4, 1913 Colorado: February 5, 1913 Nevada: February 6, 1913 Texas: February 7, 1913 Washington: February 7, 1913 Wyoming: February 8, 1913 Arkansas: February 11, 1913 Maine: February 11, 1913 Illinois: February 13, 1913 North Dakota: February 14, 1913 Wisconsin: February 18, 1913 Indiana: February 19, 1913 New Hampshire: February 19, 1913 Vermont: February 19, 1913 South Dakota: February 19,
1915–1921 Nationwide in 1916: All 32 class 1 senators, term 1917–1923 Nationwide in 1918: All 32 class 2 senators, term 1919–1925 In Trinsey v. Pennsylvania (1991), the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit was faced with a situation where, following the death of Senator John Heinz of Pennsylvania, Governor Bob Casey had provided for a replacement and for a special election that did not include a primary. A voter and prospective candidate, John S. Trinsey Jr., argued
1916. After Yuan's death in 1916, China was politically fragmented. Its Beijing-based government was internationally recognized but virtually powerless; regional warlords controlled most of its territory. During this period, China participated in World War I and saw a far-reaching popular uprising called the May Fourth Movement. In the late 1920s, the Kuomintang under Chiang Kai-shek reunified most the country through the Northern Expedition. The Kuomintang moved the nation's capital to Nanjing and implemented "political tutelage", an intermediate stage of political
1923 the oldest organisation for European integration, the Paneuropean Union was founded, led by Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi, who later would found in June 1947 the European Parliamentary Union (EPU). Aristide Briand—who was Prime Minister of France, a follower of the Paneuropean Union, and Nobel Peace Prize laureate for the Locarno Treaties—delivered a widely recognised speech at the League of Nations in Geneva on 5 September 1929 for a federal Europe to secure Europe and settle the historic Franco-German enmity. With
1945. The largest trade union federation in the world is the Brussels-based International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), created in 2006, which has approximately 309 affiliated organizations in 156 countries and territories, with a combined membership of 166 million. National and regional trade unions organizing in specific industry sectors or occupational groups also form global union federations, such as UNI Global, IndustriALL, the International Transport Workers' Federation, the International Federation of Journalists, the International Arts and Entertainment Alliance and Public Services
1948 to November 1948. Later he was appointed commanding officer of 3rd battalion, Baluch Regiment, he served in this post from November 1948 to December 1949. During the 1965 Indo-Pakistani War, then Major General Khan served as the General Officer Commanding (GOC) of 11th Infantry Division at Kasur. This division in addition to 10th Infantry Division under Major General Sarfaraz Khan repelled the Indian thrust at Lahore on 6 September 1965. Following victory at the Battle of Kasur, his division
1956. Each time, until Eisenhower was able to resume his duties, Nixon presided over Cabinet meetings and, along with Eisenhower aides, kept the executive branch functioning and assured the public the situation was under control. But Nixon refused to use the president's White House office or sit in the president's chair at Cabinet meetings. The 1951 novel The Caine Mutiny and its 1954 film version influenced the amendment's drafters. John D. Feerick told The Washington Post in 2018 that the
1959 and 1961, mostly from starvation. In 1964, China detonated its first atomic bomb. In 1966, Mao and his allies launched the Cultural Revolution, sparking a decade of political recrimination and social upheaval that lasted until Mao's death in 1976. After Mao's death, the Gang of Four were arrested by Hua Guofeng. The Cultural Revolution was rebuked, with millions rehabilitated. Deng Xiaoping took power in 1978, and started the reform and opening up, instituting large-scale political and economic reforms to
1960, 1967, and 1971 by committees led by A. M. Cagle and Hugh McGraw. Additional, more thorough revisions and remodelings of this book, overseen by McGraw and David Ivey, respectively, were published in 1991 and 2025. Today, the book is known as the "2025 Edition", though some singers still call it the "Denson book". Even the highly traditionalist James and Denson books followed Cooper in adding alto parts to most of the old three-part songs (these alto parts led to
1962, in Starkville, Mississippi, and grew up in Crawford, Mississippi, the sixth of eight children. Crawford was a small town, having only 600 residents. Rice's father, Joe, was a brick mason who built houses by hand, while holding other jobs to provide for the family. Joe was described by Rice as "a tough man" and held him and his siblings to a strict lifestyle. Eddie B., Rice's mother, raised Rice while Joe was working, and after Rice left cleaned the
1964, singing and alternating between bass guitar and piano. In August, he toured outside California for the first time since 1970. NBC premiered a Lorne Michaels–produced television special, titled The Beach Boys, featuring recent concert footage, interviews, and a comedy sketch with Wilson alongside NBC's Saturday Night cast members Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi. Despite the promotional success of "Brian's Back!", the campaign was controversial. Wilson's remarks in interviews implied he had not fully recovered from his addictions; on one
1965, President Johnson endorsed S.J. Res. 1 in a statement to Congress. The proposal received bipartisan support. The Senate passed the amendment on February 19, but the House passed a different version of the amendment on April 13. On April 22 it was returned to the Senate with revisions. There were four areas of disagreement between the House and Senate versions: the Senate official who was to receive any written declaration under the amendment; the period of time during which
1968 and 1969, respectively), who later had musical success as two-thirds of the group Wilson Phillips. His daughters inspired his songs "Roller Skating Child" (1977) and "Little Children" (1988). Much of the lyrical content from Pet Sounds reflected early marital strains that later intensified. Wilson later described himself as a neglectful father and husband during his first marriage. He had encouraged his wife to pursue extramarital affairs, including one with songwriter Tandyn Almer, while he engaged in an affair with
1968, he had equated religion and meditation, though he ultimately abandoned TM. He described himself in 1976 as having over-diversified his readings, maintaining then that he still believed that the coming of "the great Messiah [...] came in the form of drugs" while acknowledging that his own drug experiences "really didn't work out so well". In 2011, he said that while he had spiritual beliefs, he did not follow any particular religion. Asked in 2004 for his favorite book, Wilson
1970s, and, in 1979, began to advocate for an even stricter limit of one child per family. Beginning in the mid-1980s, however, given the unpopularity of the strict limits, China began to allow some major exemptions, particularly in rural areas, resulting in what was actually a "1.5"-child policy from the mid-1980s to 2015; ethnic minorities were also exempt from one-child limits. The next major loosening of the policy was enacted in December 2013, allowing families to have two children if
1970s, though frequently of questionable veracity, attained a legendary status. Recalling Wilson's wellbeing at the time, John Sebastian said, "It wasn't all grimness." Jeff Foskett, then a Beach Boys fan who had visited Wilson's home unannounced, similarly commented that Wilson had responded cordially to the visit and had belied the popular myths surrounding him. Wilson also participated in some recording sessions for Nilsson's "Salmon Falls" and Keith Moon's solo album, Two Sides of the Moon. The Beach Boys' greatest hits
1971, the media reports indicated that the Pakistan Army soldiers, the local East Pakistan Police they controlled, razakars and the Shanti Committee carried out systematic killings of professionals such as physicians, teachers, and other intellectuals, as part of a pogrom against the Bengali Hindu minorities who constituted the majority of urban educated intellectuals. This massacre of Hindus was confirmed by the Pakistani military brass in a postwar judicial inquiry. Young men, especially students, who were seen as possible rebels and
1971. A Pathan of Punjab, Khan was commissioned into the British Indian Army in 1939 and fought in the Second World War in the Mediterranean theatre. Following the Partition of British India, he joined the Pakistan Army and organized the Staff College, Quetta. In 1965, he played a vital role in executing Operation Grand Slam in Indian-administered Kashmir during the Second India–Pakistan War and was assigned to assume the army command in October 1966 by President Ayub Khan. In the
1977. General Zia ordered the military police to arrest both Bhutto and General Tikka Khan and placed them under house arrest. Bhutto was executed in 1979, after which General Tikka Khan emerged as one of the leaders of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), becoming its secretary general. In 1980–88, Tikka Khan faced imprisonment numerous times for his political activities until President Zia-ul-Haq died in August 1988 in an aircraft explosion over Bahawalpur. In spite of Tikka's leadership position within the
1985 to 37% in 2017) and consider rural development in its aims. It has, however, been criticised on the grounds of its cost and its environmental and humanitarian effects. Likewise, the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) is the fisheries policy of the European Union. It sets quotas for which member states are allowed to catch each type of fish, as well as encouraging the fishing industry by various market interventions and fishing subsidies. It was introduced in 2009 with the Treaty
1990s and 2000s, auctions became the primary method for the sale of real estate in the two largest cities, Melbourne and Sydney. This was largely due to the fact that in a private sale the vendor has disclosed the price that they want, and potential purchasers would attempt to low-ball the price, whereas in an auction purchasers do not know what the vendor wants, and thus need to keep lifting the price until the reserve price is reached. The method
1992 (MCMXCII) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar, the 1992nd year of the Common Era (CE) and Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 992nd year of the 2nd millennium, the 92nd year of the 20th century, and the 3rd year of the 1990s decade. 1992 was designated as International Space Year by the United Nations. January 1 – Boutros Boutros-Ghali of Egypt replaces Javier Pérez de Cuéllar of Peru as United Nations Secretary-General. January 6 The
1995. It features new interviews with Wilson and many other musicians, including Linda Ronstadt and Sonic Youth's Thurston Moore, who discuss Wilson's life and his music achievements. Beautiful Dreamer: Brian Wilson and the Story of Smile, directed by David Leaf, premiered on the Showtime network in October 2004. It includes interviews with Wilson and dozens of his associates, albeit none of his surviving bandmates from the Beach Boys, who declined to appear in the film. Brian Wilson: Long Promised Road,
1996. They are later replaced by Fear Factory. January 19 – Madonna wins Best Actress In A Motion Picture, Musical Or Comedy, for her part in Evita, at the 54th annual Golden Globe Awards in the USA. January 20 – Daft Punk releases their debut studio album Homework. January 28 The Virginia Senate votes to retire "Carry Me Back to Old Virginny" as the official state song, and begins looking for a replacement. Clive Davis gets a star on the
1997 (MCMXCVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar, the 1997th year of the Common Era (CE) and Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 997th year of the 2nd millennium, the 97th year of the 20th century, and the 8th year of the 1990s decade. January 1 – The Emergency Alert System is introduced in the United States. January 11 – Turkey threatens Cyprus on account of a deal to buy Russian S-300 missiles, prompting the Cypriot
1998 Best Book of the Year and won Parenting Magazine's Book of the Year Award for 1998, the School Library Journal Best Book of the Year and the American Library Association Best Book for Young Adults. In 2012 it was ranked number 3 on a list of the top 100 children's novels published by School Library Journal. In August 1999, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone topped the New York Times list of best-selling fiction and stayed near the top
1998 study in the Journal of American Culture it was reported that there were more than 120 official US celebrations of Cinco de Mayo in 21 different states. An update in 2006 found that the number of official Cinco de Mayo events was 150 or more, according to José Alamillo, a professor of ethnic studies at Washington State University in Pullman, who has studied the cultural impact of Cinco de Mayo north of the border. Los Angeles' Fiesta Broadway has
1999 when Scott Pingel of Division III Westminster logged his 302nd career reception. By the end of his college career, he had broken 18 NCAA records. In 1999, the school renamed its football stadium from Magnolia Stadium to Rice–Totten Stadium in honor of the players. Rice was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2006, and was in the inaugural class of the Black College Football Hall of Fame in 2010. During his college years, Rice became a
1999, both "Rat Terrier" and “Teddy Roosevelt Terrier" were accepted as a separate breeds by the United Kennel Club. Currently, the UKC accepts single Teddy Roosevelt Terrier registration applications for dogs from 10 different registries, where they are simply designated as Rat Terriers. [1]. In August 2016 the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier was accepted into the American Kennel Club (AKC) Foundation Stock Services. In July 2019, the breed advanced to the AKC Miscellaneous Class, and by 2026 the breed had been
1S – 2S (opponents silent). In those two auctions all five bids from 2N to 3S are potentially game tries. What does it mean to bid one side suit rather than another? A short suit game try shows singleton or void in the suit bid, which implies significant duplication of values if partner holds the K or Q (the A or J, less so, and three small shows there is no duplication). A help suit game try shows at least
1♠ – 3♠. Double squeeze A squeeze in which each opponent must guard a different suit, and both opponents must guard a third suit. Doubleton A holding of exactly two cards in a suit. Down A contract that is defeated is said to be down. (Followed by a number) The number of tricks by which a contract fails: for example, "Down two." Down the line To bid the higher of two adjacent suits before the lower. For example, of two
1♥ – 2♠): usually, a very strong hand. However, another treatment (weak jump shifts, requiring prior partnership agreement) uses the bid preemptively to show a weak hand and a long suit. Junior A player under the age of 26. Various national, regional, and world competitions use this designation. Kaplan–Sheinwold (K–S) A bidding system that uses five card majors and the weak notrump. Keycard Blackwood, or Key Card Blackwood (KCB) A variant of the Blackwood convention in which five keycards are
2 or 3-level conventional opening bid made two steps below the opener's suit: for example, 2♦ to show a weak two bid in spades or 3♣ to show a three-level preempt in hearts. If 2♣ is a strong, artificial force, 2♥ is natural. 4SF Fourth suit forcing. 8421 Counting points by way of 8421 means counting an ace for 8 points, a king for 4, a queen for 2, and a jack for 1 point. For example, when a bid
2 provides a mechanism for filling a vacancy in the vice presidency. Before the Twenty-fifth Amendment, a vice-presidential vacancy continued until a new vice president took office at the start of the next presidential term; the vice presidency had become vacant several times due to death, resignation, or accession to the presidency, and these vacancies had often lasted several years. Section 3 allows the president to voluntarily transfer presidential authority to the vice president (for example, in anticipation of a
2 – In a national referendum Denmark rejects the Maastricht Treaty by a narrow margin. June 3–14 – The Earth Summit is held in Rio de Janeiro. June 8 – The first World Oceans Day is celebrated, coinciding with the Earth Summit held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. June 10–26 – Sweden hosts the UEFA Euro 1992 football tournament, which is won by Denmark. June 16 – A "Joint Understanding" agreement on arms reduction is signed by U.S. president George
2 – Joni Mitchell is reunited with her daughter, Kilauren Gibb, whom she gave up for adoption 32 years earlier. April 7 – Wynton Marsalis becomes the first jazz artist to win the Pulitzer Prize for Music. April 10 – Nigel Kennedy, now calling himself simply Kennedy, returns to the stage at the Royal Festival Hall after a five-year absence from the concert stage resulting from neck surgery. April 14 – Creed releases their debut studio album My Own Prison.
2) A remedy assigned by a director to redress damage done by an infraction. The penalty for a minor, procedural infraction might be some number of tricks, matchpoints or IMPs, or disallowing a particular bid or play. A more serious violation of the game's Proprieties may be imposed by barring the offender from an event, a portion of an event, or from organized bridge. Penalty card A card, incorrectly exposed by the defense, whose subsequent proper play is governed by
2, 2010. The Karate Kid was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 5, 2010, by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, and it was released on Mastered in 4K Blu-ray on May 14, 2013. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 67% based on 207 reviews, and an average rating of 6.17/10. The site's critics consensus reads: "It may not be as powerful as the 1984 edition, but the 2010 Karate Kid delivers a surprisingly satisfying
2,500 dead. A destructive tsunami with wave heights of 25 m (82 ft) follows. December 16 – The Czech National Council adopts the Constitution of the Czech Republic. December 18 – The South Korean presidential election is won by Kim Young-sam, the first non-military candidate elected since 1961. December 21 – In Yugoslavia, President of Serbia Slobodan Milošević defeats Milan Panić in the Serbian presidential election. December 22 – The Archives of Terror are discovered by Martín Almada in Asunción,
20 December 1971 as President with the control of the military. The loss of East Pakistan shattered the prestige of the Pakistani military. Pakistan lost half its navy, a quarter of its air force, and a third of its army. The war also exposed the shortcomings of Pakistan's declared strategic doctrine that the "defence of East Pakistan lay in West Pakistan". Hussain Haqqani, in his book Pakistan: Between Mosque and Military notes, Moreover, the army had failed to fulfill its
20 November 2015, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in audio book format simultaneously both in the UK and the US by Pottermore Publishing. The UK edition is narrated by Stephen Fry and the US edition is narrated by Jim Dale. On 4 November 2025, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released as a full-cast audio edition internationally by Pottermore Publishing and Amazon's subsidiary, Audible. In May 2020, a reading podcast by Spotify was created and entitled
2001. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in London on 14 November 2001. Reviewers' comments were positive, as reflected by an 81% Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes and by a score of 65% at Metacritic, representing "generally favourable reviews". Five independent video games by different developers were released between 2001 and 2003 by Electronic Arts, that were loosely based on the film and book: Writers on education and business subjects have used the book as an object lesson.
2002, the first visit by an Iranian head of government since 1992. It was a high-level delegation, consisting of the Iranian cabinet, members of the Iranian parliament, Iranian Vice-president and President Khatami. This visit was meant to provide a new beginning to Iran–Pakistan relations. It would also allow for high-level discussions on the future of the Iran–Pakistan–India pipeline (IPI) project. Khatami met, and had detailed discussions, with both President Musharraf and the new Prime Minister Zafarullah Khan Jamali. Several accords
2003. Rail transportation is organised under the TEN-T by the Trans-European Rail network, made up of the high-speed rail network and the conventional rail network. The Gare du Nord railway station is the busiest in the EU, located in and near the city of Paris, in France. Rail transport in Europe is being synchronised with the European Rail Traffic Management System (ERTMS) with the goal of greatly enhancing safety, increase efficiency of train transports and enhance cross-border interoperability. This is
2004 to mid-2005. His former Beach Boys bandmates were not involved with BWPS, nor with the Showtime documentary that accompanied its release, Beautiful Dreamer: Brian Wilson and the Story of Smile, directed by biographer David Leaf. BWPS was universally acclaimed by critics and peaked at number 13 in the U.S. and number 7 in the UK. It earned Wilson his first Grammy Award, winning in the category of Best Rock Instrumental Performance for "Mrs. O'Leary's Cow". The album also garnered
2004 with his ten-piece touring band, augmented by a ten-piece string section and an acoustic bassist. The basic tracks were recorded at Sunset Sound Recorders in four days, with overdubbing and mixing continuing until July with some stops at engineer Mark Linett's Your Place or Mine studio. When played live, digital keyboards were used to replicate the sound of various instruments such as harpsichord and tack piano, and electric drums were used in place of timpanis. These digital keyboards were
2007, Bulgaria and Romania became EU members. Later that year, Slovenia adopted the euro, followed by Cyprus and Malta in 2008, Slovakia in 2009, Estonia in 2011, Latvia in 2014, Lithuania in 2015, and Croatia in 2023. On 1 December 2009, the Lisbon Treaty entered into force and reformed many aspects of the EU. In particular, it changed the legal structure of the EU, merging the EU three pillars system into a single legal entity provisioned with a legal personality,
2007, and in the same year was inducted into the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame. The NFL honored him as a member of the NFL 1980s All-Decade Team and the NFL 1990s All-Decade Team, as well as both the NFL 75th Anniversary All-Time Team and NFL 100th Anniversary All-Time Team. Jerry Lee Rice Sr. was born on October 13, 1962, in Starkville, Mississippi, and grew up in Crawford, Mississippi, the sixth of eight children. Crawford was a small town,
2008, a 22-year-old American woman calling herself Natalie Dylan announced on The Howard Stern Show that she would auction off her virginity on the Moonlite Bunny Ranch website, and that the act would be consummated at the ranch. She claimed to be inspired by the case of Graciela Yataco listed above. A recent women's studies graduate from Sacramento State, who grew up in La Jolla, California, Dylan claimed she planned to use the money to finance graduate school and said
2009 in the lobby of a Los Angeles Sheriff's Station. She had ridden in the ambulance with King and testified that he was laughing and spat blood on her uniform. She had remained in law enforcement and was a Sheriff's Detective at the time of her death. Rodney King was awarded $3.8 million in damages from the City of Los Angeles. He invested most of this money in founding a hip-hop record label, "Straight Alta-Pazz Records". The venture was unable
2009, Sacred Harp singing was introduced to Ireland, by Juniper Hill of University College Cork, spreading quickly from a class module into the wider community. In March 2011 U.C.C. hosted the first annual Ireland Sacred Harp Convention, and the Cork community held their first All-Day Singing on 22 October 2011. There are now also growing Sacred Harp communities in Belfast and Dublin. In the most recent development, Sacred Harp singing has expanded beyond the limits of English-speaking countries to mainland
2010, "It's dark because we play a lot of day games. It's tanned. It's focused." He decided he would not shave until the Giants' season was over, and only if they failed to win the World Series. During the Giants' playoff run in 2010, Giants' fans began growing their own beards or wearing fake beards. Many fans chanted "Fear the Beard", and held up signs bearing the same motto. Teammate Sergio Romo also began growing a beard in 2010; he
2010, which was a period of declining crime across the country. It was accompanied by lessening tensions between racial groups. In 2012, sixty percent of residents reported racial tension had improved in the past 20 years, and the majority said gang activity had also decreased. Multiple filmmakers, musical artists and other creatives have produced works that were influenced by, reference, or are a direct response to the 1992 riots. Several scripted television shows worked the riots into episodes as a
2013, Wilson agreed to a one-year, $10 million contract to return to the Dodgers. The deal also contained a player option for the 2015 season. His numbers were not as good in 2014, as he had a 4.66 ERA in 61 appearances. On October 8, Wilson announced that he would be exercising his $10 million player option for 2015. However, the Dodgers designated him for assignment on December 16 and released him on December 19, making him a free agent.
2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, the first country to host both regular and Youth Olympics. Beijing and its nearby city Zhangjiakou collaboratively hosted the 2022 Winter Olympics, making Beijing the first dual Olympic city by holding both the Summer Olympics and the Winter Olympics. China hosted the Asian Games in 1990 (Beijing), 2010 (Guangzhou), and 2023 (Hangzhou). Outline of China The Central People's Government of People's Republic of China Country profile – China at BBC News China. The World
2014 The Utah legislature rejected the amendment on February 26, 1913. No action on the amendment has been completed by Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, South Carolina, or Virginia. Alaska and Hawaii were not yet states at the time of the amendment's proposal, and therefore ratified the amendment along with the rest of the Constitution as part of joining the Union in 1959. The Seventeenth Amendment altered the process for electing United States senators and changed the way vacancies would be
2017". The Laws Committee of the WBF, composed of world experts, updates the Laws every 10 years; it also issues a Laws Commentary advising on interpretations it has rendered. In addition to the basic rules of play, there are many additional rules covering playing conditions and the rectification of irregularities, which are primarily for use by tournament directors who act as referees and have overall control of procedures during competitions. But various details of procedure are left to the discretion
2017). "Brian Wilson's songwriting tricks and techniques". Disc Makers Blog. "Brian Wilson: "LSD fucked with my brain"". NME. June 25, 2011. Archived from the original on May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 30, 2013. Official website Brian Wilson at AllMusic Brian Wilson discography at Discogs Brian Wilson at IMDb Brian Wilson discography at MusicBrainz
2018, the EU region with the highest life expectancy was Madrid, Spain at 85.2 years, followed by the Spanish regions of La Rioja and Castilla y León both at 84.3 years, Trentino in Italy at 84.3 years and Île-de-France in France at 84.2 years. The EU has also sought to coordinate the social security and health systems of member states to facilitate individuals exercising free movement rights and to ensure they maintain their ability to access social security and health
2021 Ralph Macchio of "Cobra Kai" on Memoir "Waxing On: The Karate Kid and Me"– The View, October 18, 2022. Ralph Macchio Talks Last Season of 'Cobra Kai' and Upcoming 'Karate Kid' Movie - The View, July 24, 2024. Ralph Macchio on His Friend and 'Karate Kid' Costar Pat Morita: His Legacy 'Shines Brighter Than Ever' - People, November 6, 2022
2021 action film set during the war tells the story of rebuilding the Bhuj airbase in India, which was damaged by the Pakistan air attacks. Pippa, a 2023 action film based on the life of Brigadier Balram Singh Mehta who fought in the Battle of Garibpur on the eastern front in November 1971. Sam Bahadur, a 2023 film, is based on the life of India's first Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw and his contribution to the 1971 Indo-Pak war. Border 2,
2021, the play was re-staged as a single 3½-hour show for future performances on Broadway in November 2021. In 2022, the San Francisco, Melbourne, Toronto, and Tokyo productions also adopted the one-part play, with Hamburg following in 2023. The West End production is the only location that continues to stage the original two-part play. However this is set to change, with the two-part play closing in the West End on 20 September 2026 and re-opening as the one-part play on
2021. Pence refused. Acting President of the United States CRS Annotated Constitution: Twenty-fifth Amendment The Great Society Congress Twenty-Fifth Amendment Archive Presidential Disability Under the Twenty-Fifth Amendment: Constitutional Provisions and Perspectives for Congress – Congressional Research Service
2022, filming for the sixth episode began in Poland before travelling through Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and concluding in Slovenia. Titled "Eurocrash", it was released on 16 June 2023. In May 2023, filming for a seventh episode began in Mauritania and concluded in Senegal. Titled "Sand Job", it was released on 16 February 2024 as the final episode of the fifth series. In September 2023, filming for an eighth episode began in Zimbabwe, which concluded in Botswana. Titled "One for
2022, respectively. A fourth season was renewed, prior to season three being released, and was released on December 31, 2021. The fifth season premiered on September 9, 2022. Production for the sixth and final season stopped during the period of the 2023 Writers Guild of America strike and 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike, and resumed after January 1, 2024. Season six was divided into three parts, each consisting of five episodes: part one was released on July 18, 2024, part two was
2024 NFL draft. The Los Angeles Chargers selected Rice in the seventh round, 225th overall, of the 2024 NFL draft. He appeared in three games in his rookie season. On August 26, 2025, Rice was waived as part of final roster cuts. On November 4, 2025, Rice signed with the New England Patriots' practice squad. Rice was released by the Patriots on November 11. On November 18, 2025, Rice signed with the Seattle Seahawks' practice squad. He was released by
2024 UK study found a life expectancy of 14.2 years from a sample size of 44 dogs for the breed compared to an average of 12.7 for purebreeds and 12 for crossbreeds. The combination of a long back and short legs increases strain during activities like jumping, stairs, or sudden turns. The Coton de Tuléar developed on the island of Madagascar and is still the island's national dog. It is believed that the Tenerife dog was brought to Madagascar and
2025, no other states had supported such an amendment, and some politicians who had made statements in favor of repealing the amendment had subsequently reversed their position on this. On July 28, 2017, after Republican senators John McCain, Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski voted against the Health Care Freedom Act, which would have repealed the Affordable Care Act, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee endorsed the repeal of the Seventeenth Amendment. He claimed that senators chosen by state legislatures "will work
21 November, however, Indian forces with Mukti Bahini support entered East Pakistan and remained there in preparation for a formal war that India expected to launch on 6 December. An Indian-Pakistani war seemed inevitable. The Soviet Union reportedly warned Pakistan against the war, which they termed as "suicidal course for Pakistan's unity." Despite this warning, in November 1971, thousands of people led by conservative Pakistani politicians marched in Lahore and across Pakistan, calling for Pakistan to "crush India". On 23
22 – Near Medellín, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar escapes from his luxury prison, fearing extradition to the United States. July 23 – Abkhazia declares independence from Georgia. July 25–August 9 – The 1992 Summer Olympics are held in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. July 26 – Iraq agrees to allow UN weapons inspectors to search the Iraqi Agricultural Ministry building in Baghdad. When inspectors arrive on July 28 and 29, they find nothing and voice suspicions that Iraqi records have been
23 provinces, five autonomous regions (each with a designated minority group), four direct-administered municipalities—collectively referred to as "mainland China"—as well as the special administrative regions (SARs) of Hong Kong and Macau. The PRC regards the island of Taiwan as its Taiwan Province, Kinmen and Matsu as a part of Fujian Province, and islands the ROC controls in the South China Sea as a part of Hainan Province and Guangdong Province, though all these territories are governed by the Republic of
24 (shot) March 10 – LaVern Baker, R & B singer, 67 March 17 – Jermaine Stewart, vocalist, 39 (AIDS) March 24 – Harold Melvin, soul musician, 57 April 8 – Laura Nyro, singer-songwriter, 49 (ovarian cancer) April 9 Mae Boren Axton, songwriter and music promoter, 82 Yank Rachell, blues guitarist, 87 April 10 – Toshiro Mayuzumi, Japanese composer, 68 April 19 – Eldon Hoke, metal/punk singer and drummer, 39 May 9 – Willy Hess, Swiss musicologist and composer, 90
24 – China and Israel establish diplomatic relations. January 26 Boris Yeltsin announces that Russia will stop targeting cities of the United States and its allies with nuclear weapons. In return President George H. W. Bush announces that the United States and its allies will stop targeting Russia and the remaining communist states with nuclear weapons. In Mauritania, security forces open fire on violent extremist opponents of President of Mauritania Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, allegedly killing at least four people.
27 - Kirk Franklin releases his fourth album (first collaboration album with God’s Property) God’s Property from Kirk Franklin’s Nu Nation which spawned the crossover hit single “Stomp” May 28 – Japanese pop singer and songwriter Miho Komatsu releases her first and debut song entitled Nazo. It is used as an opening soundtrack in popular hit anime Detective Conan. June 14 – Puff Daddy and The Family's "I'll Be Missing You" single is #1 on the Hot 100 charts for
28 June 2018, it was announced that the play would open at the Curran Theatre in San Francisco, California, marking the second production of the play in the United States. Tickets went on sale in March 2019, with the demand crashing the ticketing systems. For the week ending Sunday, 29 December 2019, the production grossed $2,096,686 setting a record for the highest-grossing week for a play in San Francisco history. On 2 August 2019, the cast was announced and starred
29 to March 1 and boycotted by Bosnian Serbs, the majority of the Bosniak and Bosnian Croat communities have voted for Bosnia-Herzegovina's independence. March 2 – In Dubăsari, Moldova, escalating tensions turn into open hostilities and the beginning of the Transnistria War. March 4 – The Supreme Court of Algeria bans the Islamic Salvation Front, which is poised to win control of the Parliament of Algeria in runoff elections. March 12 – Mauritius becomes a republic while remaining a member
2♦; 2♠ – 3♣; 3NT – 4♠. A relevant term is dawdling. Contrast Slow arrival. Fast rubber A rubber completed in two games. See slow rubber. Feature An honor or shortness in a suit. Conventional bids such as splinter bids or D-I are intended to show or elicit features. Fert (Slang) Short for "fertilizer", a very weak opening bid. A systemic treatment in strong pass systems. FG an abbreviation for forcing to game; see Game force Field All the players
3 "rectified" President Reagan's "ambivalent invocation" and provided an example of a "smooth and temporary transition" under Section 3 that paved the way for future applications. The two invocations established the reasonableness of invocation for relatively minor inabilities, promoting continuity in the Executive Branch. On November 19, 2021, President Joe Biden temporarily transferred his powers and duties to Vice President Kamala Harris before undergoing a colonoscopy, making her acting president from 10:10 a.m. to 11:35 a.m. This is the first
3 room at Western for its privacy and the presence of staff engineer Chuck Britz, who served as Wilson's principal engineer from 1962 to 1967. While Britz typically handled technical tasks like level mixing and microphone placement, Wilson made extensive adjustments to the setup, usurping standard studio protocols of the era that limited console use to assigned engineers. Once Britz prepared an initial configuration, Wilson took control of the console, directing session musicians from the booth using an intercom or
3 – Alison Oliver, Irish actress June 13 – Theodore Pellerin, Canadian actor June 16 – Camila Morrone, American model and actress June 17 – KJ Apa, New Zealand actor June 18 – Max Records, American actor June 19 – Molly Windsor, English actress June 21 – Sam Buchanan, English actor June 26 – Jacob Elordi, Australian actor July 13 – Leo Howard, American actor and martial artist July 18 – Fionn Whitehead, British actor July 19 – Amita Suman,
30 million. The figures in the table below are from the 2020 census, and are only estimates of the urban populations within administrative city limits; a different ranking exists for total municipal populations. The large "floating populations" of migrant workers make conducting censuses in urban areas difficult; the figures below include only long-term residents. China legally recognizes 56 distinct ethnic groups, who comprise the Zhonghua minzu. The largest of these nationalities are the Han Chinese, who constitute more than 91%
30 points for each trick taken in an undoubled contract with a major suit as trump. Because game requires at least 100 points for tricks bid and made, both 4♥ and 4♠ (or 2♥ doubled and 2♠ doubled) constitute game contracts. Contrast Minor suits. Major tenace The highest and the third highest remaining cards in a suit, held in the same hand. For example, the ♠AQ before spades have been played. Tenaces define the structure of finesses. See minor tenace.
30, 2024. In his social media, Wilson declared she "was my savior. She gave me the emotional security I needed to have a career. She encouraged me to make the music that was closer to my heart". Wilson was raised in a Presbyterian family. In many interviews, he emphasized the spiritual essence of his music, particularly with Pet Sounds. He was also intrigued by astrology, numerology, and the occult, as reflected in his original concepts for Smile. In 1966, Wilson
3014 RKCB A mnemonic for the original (Roman) response structure to the Roman Key Card Blackwood convention. It represents "3 or 0" and "1 or 4", meaning that the lowest step response (5♣) to the 4NT key card asking bid shows responder has three or zero keycards and the next step (5♦) shows one or four. 1430 or 1430 RKCB A mnemonic for a variant response structure to the Roman Key Card Blackwood convention. It represents "1 or 4" and
311 crashed into a mountain near Kathmandu under similar circumstances, killing all 113 occupants on board. September 29 – The Chamber of Deputies of Brazil votes to impeach President of Brazil Fernando Collor, the country's first democratically elected leader in 29 years. Vice President Itamar Franco becomes acting president. October 1 – Cartoon Network, a 24/7 children's television channel, is launched in the United States. October 2 – A riot breaks out in the Carandiru Penitentiary in São Paulo, Brazil,
34 years later, Cobra Kai re-examines the "Miyagi-Verse" narrative from Johnny's point of view, his decision to reopen the Cobra Kai dojo, and the rekindling of his old rivalry with Daniel. The series draws upon all of the sequels, as well as the original film. The series also pays tribute to Morita, who died in 2005. After a guest appearance in the show's first season, Kove reprised his role as John Kreese starting in the second season, while Shue reprised
35,000 in Dacca, and 300,000 to 3,000,000 for Bangladesh as a whole. Independent researchers, including the British Medical Journal, have put forward figures ranging from 125,000 to 505,000. American political scientist Rudolph Rummel puts total deaths at 1.5 million. The atrocities have been called acts of genocide. According to the Asia Times: At a meeting of the military top brass, Yahya Khan declared: "Kill 3 million of them and the rest will eat out of our hands". Accordingly, on the
39, with 110 not voting on May 13, 1912. Having been passed by Congress, the amendment was sent to the states for ratification and was ratified by: Massachusetts: May 22, 1912 Arizona: June 3, 1912 Minnesota: June 10, 1912 New York: January 15, 1913 Kansas: January 17, 1913 Oregon: January 23, 1913 North Carolina: January 25, 1913 California: January 28, 1913 Michigan: January 28, 1913 Iowa: January 30, 1913 Montana: January 30, 1913 Idaho: January 31, 1913 West Virginia: February
3–2 record, a 4.62 ERA, 67 strikeouts, and 28 walks in 62+1⁄3 innings pitched. He converted 41 saves in 47 attempts; his 41 saves were tied with Brad Lidge's total for second in the league behind Valverde's 44. On June 5, 2009, Wilson saved Randy Johnson's 300th win. Johnson, searching for his 300th win, gave up one unearned run in six innings in Game 1 of a doubleheader against the Washington Nationals; the Giants had a 2–1 lead in the
4 February 1917 in the town of Chakwal, Punjab, British India. His family were written to be of Pashtun as well as Qizilbash origin and were descended from the elite soldiers of Iranian conqueror Nader Shah (r. 1736–1747). Yahya Khan also spoke Persian. Few Pakistanis knew anything about Yahya Khan when he was vaulted into the presidency two years ago. The stocky, bushy–browed Pathan had been the army chief of staff since 1966... Yahya (pronounced Ya-hee-uh) Khan claims direct descent
4 and 99 of the Trade Marks Act 1994, and its use is governed by the Lord Chamberlain's Office. The royal arms may be displayed by select businesses which supply the royal household with goods or services and have been granted a royal warrant. But the arms may not be used as a trade mark and should only be displayed for the duration of the grant of a royal warrant. It is an offence under Section 12 of the Trade
41 September 28 – Munir Bashir, musician and oud player, 66–67 October 5 – Arthur Tracy, singer, 98 October 12 – John Denver, American folk singer-songwriter and folk rock musician, 53 (air crash) October 19 – Glen Buxton, guitarist for the original Alice Cooper Band, 49 (pneumonia) October 20 – Henry Vestine, guitarist (Canned Heat), 52 November 3 – Ronald Barnes, carillonist, 70 November 6 – Epic Soundtracks, English singer-songwriter, drummer of Swell Maps, Crime and the City Solution and
5 May 1949 (which is now Europe Day). The Council of Europe was one of the first institutions to bring the sovereign states of (then only Western) Europe together, raising great hopes and fevered debates in the following two years for further European integration. It has since been a broad forum to further cooperation and shared issues, achieving for example the European Convention on Human Rights in 1950. Essential for the actual birth of the institutions of the EU was
5 against the Washington Commanders, Moore recorded eight catches for 230 yards and three touchdowns in a Bears victory, with a final score of 40–20. His three touchdowns were a single game career high. His 230 yards is also a career high and the second-most receiving yards for a Bear in a single regular-season game. In Week 12, Moore surpassed 1,000 receiving yards in a season for the fourth time in a road victory over the Minnesota Vikings. Overall, Moore
5,300 kilometers (3,293 miles) trip. During the August 2025 delagation, President Pezeshkian and Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif discussed infrastructure development, expanding transit options such as railways, highways, and public transportation, as a means to enhance regional connectivity and economic integration. Discussions between the governments of Iran and Pakistan started in 1994 for the gas pipelines and energy security. A preliminary agreement was signed in 1995 by Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, in which, this agreement
51 (multiple sclerosis, pneumonia) June 7 – Arthur Prysock, jazz singer, 68 June 16 – John Wolters (Dr Hook), 52 (liver cancer) June 19 – Bobby Helms, country singer, 63 June 20 – Lawrence Payton (The Four Tops), 59 June 21 – Shintaro Katsu, Japanese actor, singer, producer, and filmmaker, 65 (pharyngeal cancer) June 23 – Prince Nico Mbarga, Nigerian highlife musician, 47 June 26 – Israel Kamakawiwoʻole, Hawaiian musician, 38 July 5 – Mrs. Elva Miller, American singer, 89
51.2% of the total population. However, China's sex ratio is more balanced than it was in 1953, when males accounted for 51.8% of the population. China maintains a restrictive immigration policy, with permanent residence granted to only around 12,000 foreigners as of 2023. China has urbanized significantly in recent decades. The percent of the country's population living in urban areas increased from 20% in 1980 to over 68% in 2025, according to Chinese government figures. According to the United Nations,
5NT, asking partner to bid a grand slam with two of the top three honors in the trump suit. Depending on the prior bidding, other bids are often used in place of 5NT, and there is a variety of schemes for responding to the GSF. See Josephine. See also Forcing bid, Game force and One round force. Grosvenor gambit A play that creates no direct advantage and might lose. Its principal features are that an opponent will not suspect that
6, 1965, by the 89th Congress, and was adopted on February 10, 1967, the day the requisite number of states (38) ratified it. Section 1 clarifies that in the enumerated situations the vice president becomes president, instead of merely assuming the powers and duties of the presidency as acting president. It operates automatically, without needing to be explicitly invoked. Section 2 provides a mechanism for filling a vacancy in the vice presidency. Before the Twenty-fifth Amendment, a vice-presidential vacancy continued
6,250 drachmas per guard, an act that initiated a brief civil war. Didius was beheaded two months later when Septimius Severus conquered Rome. From the end of the Roman Empire to the 18th century, auctions lost favor in Europe, while they had never been widespread in Asia. In China, the personal belongings of deceased Buddhist monks were sold at auction as early as the seventh century AD. The first mention of "auction", according to the Oxford English Dictionary, appeared in
60 UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The word "China" has been used in English since the 16th century; however, it was not used by the Chinese themselves during this period. Its origin has been traced through Portuguese, Malay, and Persian back to the Sanskrit word चिन Cīna, used in ancient India. "China" appears in Richard Eden's 1555 translation of the 1516 journal of the Portuguese explorer Duarte Barbosa. Barbosa's usage was derived from Persian Chīn (چین), which in turn derived from
6–0. See distribution. (Verb) To be divided between two hands. "The spades broke 3–2." (Verb) To lead a particular suit for the first time during a particular deal. (Verb) Slang. To play for and find a particular distribution, usually the most favorable. "I broke the spades." Bridge maxims A compilation of short "laws", "rules" and rules-of-thumb advice; often, not always, valid. The Bridge World (TBW) A monthly magazine based in New York City, The Bridge World is the oldest continuously
7 March 1971. He has faced accusations of killing thousands of civilians. Acting on the instructions of President Yahya Khan's administration, Lieutenant General Tikka Khan began preparations of "direct-wise military operation" against the Awami League on the evening of 25 March 1971. Tikka Khan's order to his soldiers was I want the land and not the people. Tikka Khan took assistance from loyal Bengalis and Biharis for the operation and organized a paramilitary force called Razakars. He ordered the arrest
7 – Garth Brooks performs to an estimated 800,000 to one million people during a free concert given in Central Park, New York City. August 11 – The Backstreet Boys release their second international album, Backstreet's Back. August 12 – The Backstreet Boys release their U.S. debut album, Backstreet Boys. August 14 – Godspeed You! Black Emperor releases debut album, F♯ A♯ ∞ August 16–17 – Phish perform at the two-day music festival, The Great Went, at Loring Air Force
7, 2010, alongside Emmitt Smith, Floyd Little, Russ Grimm, Rickey Jackson, Dick LeBeau, and John Randle. On September 20, 2010, during halftime of a game against the Saints, the 49ers retired Rice's No. 80 jersey. He was officially named to both the NFL 75th Anniversary All-Time Team and the NFL 100th Anniversary All-Time Team. During his career, he was included in the NFL 1980s All-Decade Team and the NFL 1990s All-Decade Team. As of the end of the 2015 NFL
7-card suit. Balanced hand A hand with balanced distribution in the narrow or wide sense just above. On the first round of bidding, natural notrump bids generally denote balanced hands. BAM Board-a-match, one method of scoring a duplicate bridge session or tournament. Bar To prevent a player from making a bid, either by a penalty caused by an irregularity, or because partnership agreement requires a pass in a given situation. In either case, the player is said to be "barred."
8.2 kg (18 lb), and is white, sometimes with grey, tan, black, or tri-colored markings. Multiple registries with differing standards describe the Coton de Tuléar, but it generally has very soft voluptuous hair (as opposed to fur), comparable to a cotton ball (hence its name in French, coton meaning cotton), a prominent black nose, large expressive eyes (usually covered by bangs), and somewhat short legs. The Coton de Tuléar's tail should curl over its back. The Coton de Tuléar has
80.3 males. The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,438, and the median income for a family was $35,354. Males had a median income of $25,716 versus $18,821 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $19,910. About 19.6% of families and 23.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.3% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over. Jade Cargill, professional wrestler Muni Long, singer/songwriter Harold Newton,
9 February 2023, as the revised one-part play. On 22 May 2019, it was announced that Harry Potter and the Cursed Child would make its Canadian premiere at the Ed Mirvish Theatre in Toronto. The two-part play was scheduled to open in autumn 2020, but was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 28 August 2021, it was announced that the production would make its Canadian premiere on 31 May 2022 as the newly staged one-part version. The Ed Mirvish
92 passes for 1,211 yards and seven touchdowns, while being named to his 13th Pro Bowl team, and to the Second-team All-Pro team. Rice's teammate, Raiders starting quarterback Rich Gannon, was named the NFL's Most Valuable Player for the 2002 season. Against the Tennessee Titans, where Rice had seven receptions for 144 yards and a touchdown, he surpassed Walter Payton as the all-time leader in scrimmage yards, with 21,281 scrimmage yards. He scored his 200th career touchdown against the Broncos.
978-8184003703. Cilano, Cara, ed. (2010). Pakistaniaat: Special issue on 1971 War. Hanhimäki, Jussi M. (2004). The Flawed Architect: Henry Kissinger and American Foreign Policy. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-517221-8. Hayes, Jarrod. "Securitization, social identity, and democratic security: Nixon, India, and the ties that bind." International Organization 66.1 (2012): 63–93.online Niazi, General A. A. K. (1999). Betrayal of East Pakistan. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-579275-1. Palit, D K (1972). The Lightning Campaign: The Indo-Pakistan War 1971. Compton Press Ltd. ISBN 978-0-900193-10-1.
< Eng < Gmc) més- "mis-" mésange "titmouse" meurtre "murder" ( OFr murdre < L mordrum "murder" < Frk *murþar "murder" < Gmc, cf OHG murdrjan, murdjan "to murder", OE morþor "murder", Goth maurþr "murder") meurtrier meurtrir meurtrière meurtrir "to kill, bruise" meurtrissure miche "loaf" micmac "an intrigue" mièvre "roguish" ( <esmievre "hastened" < ON snæfr "fast, nimble" < Gmc) mièvrerie mièvreté mignard "delicate" mignarder mignardise mignon "favourite, darling, minion" ( < OFr mign- < Gmc, cf OHG minnia "darling")
< Fr < Gmc) turf "turf" ( < Eng < Gmc) tuyau "pipe, tube, hose" ( < MFr tuyel < OFr tuiel, tuel < Frk *þūta < Gmc, cf OHG tuda, MDu tūte "pipe") ulster "ulster coat, overcoat" ulster-coat "ulster coat" ultra-chic "ultra-chic" ultra-gauche (also ultragauche) "far-left" ultra-gauchisme (also ultragauchisme) ultra-gaullisme "ultra-gallic" ultra-gaulliste "an ultra-gallic" ultra-hertzien (also ultrahertzien) "ultra-hertzien" ultra-snob "super conceited" umlaut "umlaut" up to date "modern" uppercut (Sports) "uppercut" ure (also urus) "aurochs" ( < MHG ūr <
< Frk *laid- < Gmc, cf ON leid "way, lode", OE lād "course, path") laisse laisses laisser "to leave, let" ( OFr lesser, laisier < LL lassare "to let, let go, leave", partly from L laxare "to loosen"; partly from OHG lāzzan, lāzan "to let, let go, leave"; cf OE lǣtan "to let, leave, rent"; also from OFr laiier "to leave" < Frk *lagjan "to lay") laisse laissé-courre laissé-pour-compte laissées laisser-aller laisser-courir laisser-courre laisser-faire laisser-passer laisses laissez-aller laissez-faire laissez-passer lamaneur
< Gmc) sillon sillage sillée sillon "furrow" sillonner sillonner "to trace" sloop "sloop" ( < Eng < Gmc) snob sobriquet "nickname" ( < OFr sot + briquet < Gmc) soigner "to attend to" soigneux soin "care" ( < OFr soing < Frk *sunnia "concern" < Gmc) soigner sonde "fathom line" sonder "to sound" ( < OFr sonder < sonde "sounding line" < Gmc, cf ON & OE sund "water, sea") sonde sondage sondeur sondeur "leadsman" souhait "a wish" souhaiter "to
< Ital poltrone < poltro "lazy" < OHG polstar "cushion" < Gmc, cf OE bolster "bolster, cushion") poltronnerie pompe "pump" pompier pomper pompe "pump (shoe)" pot "pot" potier potage potée potiche empoter pot "hole in the ground" potage "soup" potager potagère potasse (Chem.) "potash" ( < Germ Pottasche or Eng potash < pot + ash < Gmc) potassium pote "pal; large-handed" potelé potelé "plump" poterie "pottery" potier "a potter" poterie potin "pewter; gossip" potiron "pumpkin" poudingue "pudding" pouf "to puff"
< Lat cippus "stake, beam" < Gmc, cf OE cipp "beam, chip of wood", Dut kip "strip of wood") recepée recepage réche "rough" réchin réchigner réchigner "to look cross" recracher "to spit out again" redingote "frock-coat" refrapper "to strike again" regagner "to regain" regain regain "return" regain "aftermath" régal "treat, banquet" régaler "to regale" régal régalant régalement regarder "to look" regard regardant regarnir "to refurbish" regimber "to kick" ( < re- + gimber < gibier < Gmc) regratter "to re-scratch,
< Norm cane "tooth" < Frk *kinni "jaw, chin" < Gmc, cf OHG chinni "chin", OE cinn "chin") ricanerie ricaneur ricanement richard "a married man" riche "rich" ( < OFr < Frk *rīki "rich" < Gmc, cf OHG rīhhi, OE rīċe) richesse richard richement enrichir richesse "riches" ricocher "to ricochet" ricochet ride "wrinkle" rideau "screen, curtain" ridelle "side-panel" ( < OFr "amount of wood on each side of a cart to keep the load" < MHG reidel "log" < Gmc,
< OFr harrier "to harry" & harer < Frk *hara "here!" < Gmc, cf OHG hera, MDu hare) harceler "to harass, torment" hard "hardware" hardeau hardelée harde "herd" harder déharder harde "leash" hardes "clothes" ( < harde < Gmc, infl in meaning by unrelated fardes) hardi "bold" hardiesse enhardir hardiment hardiesse "boldness" hareng "herring" harengère harengerie hargne "aggressive" ( < OFr hargner < Frk *harmjan "to insult, harm" < Gmc, cf OHG harmjan to scold, quarrel", OE hearm "harm") hargner
A bid made within a wide range of strengths and shapes, the opposite of a limit bid. An example from Acol is an opening bid of one of a suit which may be made with anything from 10 HCP (plus some shape) to 22 HCP (with a shape unsuitable for a 2 bid, such as 4–4–4–1). Such bids are limited only by the failure of the bidder to make a stronger or weaker bid; thus an Acol opening bid of
A bid that overstates a hand's strength. 2) (Verb) To bid voluntarily to a contract that the partnership cannot make. 3) (Verb) To bid too high, irrespective of the result. 4) (Noun) (obsolete) In old texts, may refer to an overcall. Overboard (Slang) Having overbid. Overcall The first bid made by one of opener's opponents unless they intervene first by a double. Overcaller The player making an overcall; may also be referred to as the intervenor. Contrast Advancer. Overruff To
A board that is played after the remainder of the event has finished, usually because of slow play or an irregularity. Law of Total Tricks (LTT), or "The Law" A guideline stating that the total number of cards held by both sides in their longest trump fits equals the total number of tricks available to both sides in their best trump contracts. See Hand evaluation. The Law is sometimes interpreted to mean that one side can profitably contract for a
A card that is not expected to take a trick. Low–high signal On defense, to play a higher card, having already played a lower one, so as to convey information to partner. Contrast Echo, or high–low signal. Lucas twos A synonym or close variant of the Muiderberg convention, a weak two-bid showing 5 cards in a major and at least four cards in another suit. MacGuffin A defensive card that, if retained, is a liability on one line of play,
A farmer worked the land, raised animals and grew crops, and either owned the land or paid rent, but ultimately sold a product and had control over his life and work. As industrial workers, however, the workers sold their work as labour and took directions from employers, giving up part of their freedom and self-agency in the service of a master. The critics of the new arrangement would call this "wage slavery", but the term that persisted was a new
A jury sentences Timothy McVeigh to death for his part in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. June 16 – About 50 people are killed in the Daïat Labguer (M'sila) massacre in Algeria. June 21 – The Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) plays its first game at The Great Western Forum in Los Angeles. June 25 A massive eruption of the Soufrière Hills volcano on the island of Montserrat leads to evacuation and eventual abandonment of the capital, Plymouth. An uncrewed
A member of the same team. Commonly said of any teammate other than one's partner. Teams (Adjective) See team (1) Tempo 1) Having the timing advantage in the play of the cards by possessing the lead and thereby being able to initiate (or continue) one's line of play before the declarer/opponents can establish his/theirs. 2) The speed at which a player executes a call or play. Some players attempt to intimidate less experienced opponents by playing their cards very quickly.
A message was conveyed, and Rahman decided to meet Bhutto. Upon his arrival, Rahman met with Bhutto and both agreed to form a coalition government with Rahman as premier and Bhutto as president, but Sheikh Mujib later ruled out such a possibility. Meanwhile, the military was unaware of these developments, and Bhutto increased his pressure on Rahman to reach a decision. On 7 March 1971, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman (soon to be prime minister) delivered a speech at the Racecourse Ground
A mnemonic for a variant response structure to the Roman Key Card Blackwood convention. It represents "1 or 4" and "3 or 0", meaning that the lowest step response (5♣) to the 4NT key card asking bid shows responder has one or four keycards and the next step (5♦) shows three or zero. 1RF One round force. 2-under preempts A 2 or 3-level conventional opening bid made two steps below the opener's suit: for example, 2♦ to show a weak
A pause prior to a bid or play of longer than usual duration. (Verb) To take that lengthy pause. HUM Acronym or initialism for Highly Unusual Methods. Idle (Said of a card) Available as a discard; not required for purposes such as guarding the opponents' suit or interfering with their communications. IMP Acronym for International Match Point. Impropriety A breach of ethical conduct or etiquette; an action that violates the proprieties. IMPs The form of duplicate bridge that uses International
A proxi-acronym for Pass=0, Double=1. Method for countering interference over Blackwood. Pronounced "podey". Point 1) A scoring unit: e.g., a trick taken by declarer in a minor suit contract scores 20 points. 2) A metric used in hand evaluation, to quantify its strength in high cards and distribution. 3) A metric, such as masterpoints, used in rating players. Point-a-board Another name for board-a-match. Point count A method of hand evaluation which assigns a numeric value to a hand's high cards
A raise from 1NT to 3NT based on a 4–3–3–3 hand with 10 HCP is a quantitative raise. 2) Of scoring: The method of scoring used in rubber bridge or in IMP events. The metric used is the number of points earned on each deal, perhaps adjusted by the IMP scale and victory points. In contrast, comparative scoring is based on the number of pairs that have been out-scored. Queen ask, or queen-ask In Key Card Blackwood, the cheapest bid
A record of the board number, opposing pair number, contract, declarer, tricks taken, and raw score kept by each player for the boards played by the partnership in a single session. The personal score often appears on the back of the convention card. Peter (Slang; chiefly British) See Echo. The term is said to derive from the Blue Peter, a nautical signal. Phantom pair In a pairs movement, if there is an odd number of pairs, then in each round
A recurring joke in the sketch is that Macchio is confused for an adolescent. The short was lauded by TV Guide's Bruce Fretts, who referred to the video as "sidesplitting" and "comic gold". Finally, in 2013, Macchio and Zabka made guest appearances as themselves in the How I Met Your Mother episode "The Bro Mitzvah", where Macchio is invited to Barney Stinson's bachelor party, leading to Barney shouting that he hates Macchio and that Johnny was the real hero of
A third episode, titled "Lochdown", was filmed in Scotland in October 2020 and was released on 30 July 2021. A fourth episode, titled "Carnage A Trois", was filmed in the United Kingdom in early 2021 and was released on 17 December 2021 as the final episode of the fourth series. A fifth episode was originally scheduled to be filmed outside of the United Kingdom in mid-2021; however, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, travel restrictions meant this could not happen until
A trade union (British English) or labor union (American English), often simply referred to as a union, is an organization of workers whose purpose is to maintain or improve the conditions of their employment, such as attaining better wages and benefits, improving working conditions and safety standards, establishing complaint procedures, developing rules governing the status of employees (including rules on promotions and just-cause conditions for termination), and protecting and increasing the bargaining power of workers. Trade unions typically fund their
A type of relay bid in which the cheapest response is expected nearly all the time, thus similar but not identical to a puppet bid. Name derives from "a puppet with strings." Marked To be known to hold a particular card: "He was marked with the ♥Q." Marked finesse A finesse for a card that evidently lies with a particular opponent. Master The highest card of a suit that is yet to be played. Masterpoints Units awarded, usually by national
A virginity auction is an auction, often publicized online, where a person seeks to sell their virginity. The winning bidder will win the right to be the first to have intercourse with the person. Often the authenticity of such auctions is subject to question, and it is not later verified whether the auction was successfully completed. A number of high-profile auctions such as the 2008 auction of "Natalie Dylan" and 2012 auction of Catarina Migliorini were never completed. In some
Abdul Hamid Khan (29 April 1917 – 1984) was a Pakistani military general who served as the de facto Commander-in-Chief of the Pakistan army from 1969 to 1971. He led the Army during the Bangladesh Liberation War and the subsequent Indo-Pakistani War in 1971. He was also the Deputy Chief Martial Law Administrator under Yahya Khan. He is considered a chief architect of the 1971 Bangladesh genocide, during the Bangladesh Liberation War, alongside Yahya Khan and Tikka Khan. Abdul Hamid
Abrams noted: "What's most upsetting is Dre's budding romance with Meiying. These kids have yet to hit puberty and already they're swooning for each other". The film was released on June 11, 2010, by Columbia Pictures to 3,663 theaters across the United States. The Karate Kid topped the box office on its opening day, grossing $18.8 million, and in its opening weekend, grossing $56 million in North America, beating The A-Team, which grossed an estimated $9.6 million on the same
According to a Los Angeles Times survey conducted eleven months after the riots, almost 40 percent of Korean Americans said they were thinking of leaving Los Angeles. Before a verdict was issued in the new 1993 Rodney King federal civil rights trial against the four officers, many Korean shop owners prepared for violence. Gun sales increased sharply, many to people of Korean descent; some merchants at flea markets removed merchandise from shelves, and they fortified storefronts with extra Plexiglas and
Acol where 2♣ and 2♦ are strong bids of different strengths, and 2♥ and 2♠ are weak twos. Invented by Scottish international player Albert Benjamin. Better minor A commonly used term for the choice of minor suit opening bid with less than four cards, typically in five card major systems. In Standard American Yellow Card, it is normal to bid the longer suit with 3 cards in one and two in the other, and 1 ♣ with 3–3. In this
Act 1825 restricted their activity to bargaining for wage increases and changes in working hours. By the 1810s, the first labour organizations to bring together workers of divergent occupations were formed. Possibly the first such union was the General Union of Trades, also known as the Philanthropic Society, founded in 1818 in Manchester. The latter name was to hide the organization's real purpose in a time when trade unions were still illegal. The first attempts at forming a national general
Act of 1792. After several periods of incapacity due to severe health problems, President Dwight D. Eisenhower attempted to clarify procedures through a signed agreement with Vice President Richard Nixon, drafted by Attorney General Herbert Brownell Jr., but this agreement had no legal authority. Eisenhower suffered a heart attack in September 1955 and intestinal problems requiring emergency surgery in July 1956. Each time, until Eisenhower was able to resume his duties, Nixon presided over Cabinet meetings and, along with Eisenhower
Administration of China acts as the national internet regulator and censor. China requires a real-name system for Internet services and online platforms. Chinese cuisine is highly diverse, drawing on several millennia of culinary history and geographical variety, in which the most influential are known as the "Eight Major Cuisines", including Sichuan, Cantonese, Jiangsu, Shandong, Fujian, Hunan, Anhui, and Zhejiang cuisines. Chinese cuisine is known for its breadth of cooking methods and ingredients. China's staple food is rice in the northeast
Administration. University of Georgia Press. Bealle, John (1997). Public Worship, Private Faith: Sacred Harp and American Folksong. University of Georgia Press. ISBN 0-8203-1988-0. Clawson, Laura (15 September 2011). I Belong to This Band, Hallelujah!: Community, Spirituality, and Tradition Among Sacred Harp Singers. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-10959-6. Cobb, Buell E. (1989) [1978]. The Sacred Harp: A Tradition and Its Music. University of Georgia Press. ISBN 0-8203-2371-3. Gould, Nathaniel Duren (1853). History of Church Music in America. Gould and Lincoln.
Administrator (DMLA) of the country. During that time he briefly held the cabinet portfolio of Home Affairs for four months. He was promoted to full general in August 1969 and was appointed the chief of staff of the Army or in another sense the de facto commander-in-chief of the army in place of Yahya as he was the president. Hamid Khan was a central figure in Yahya's military government along with several active duty military officials: As head of the
Adverse vulnerability Vulnerable against non-vulnerable opponents. Also called "unfavorable vulnerability". Aggregate scoring Deciding the outcome of a contest by totaling the raw points gained or lost on each deal. Also called "total point scoring". Agree For a partnership to come to a decision, explicitly, conventionally or by implication, on the denomination in which to play a hand. Agreement An understanding between partners as to the meaning of a particular call or defensive play. There are two types of call agreements:
Advocate General for Scotland use the Scottish version of the arms, again without the helm or crest. The simplified Scottish royal arms were used as the day-to-day logo of the Scottish Executive until September 2007, when the body was rebranded as the Scottish Government and began using a logo incorporating the flag of Scotland. The Scottish Government continues to use the arms on some official documents, including acts of the Scottish Parliament. The royal arms appear in courtrooms in England
Afghanistan. The Pakistani-backed Taliban fought the Iranian-backed Northern Alliance in Afghanistan and gained control of 90 percent of the country, including the capital city of Kabul. The Taliban established the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan and began imposing ultraconservative and radical Wahhabi rule. As noted by a Pakistani foreign service officer, it was difficult to maintain good relations with Israel, Saudi Arabia, the United States, and Iran at the same time, given each state's back-and-forth rivalry with another, and in particular,
After NT openings, Jacoby Transfers right-side the contract so that the NT opener is the Declarer: As the hand with the known long suit will be the dummy, this right-siding reveals to the opponents very little information that they do not already know. Rise, as "rise with" To play a high card in the hope of taking a trick: "Rise with the ace." Also, "go up with" RKCB Roman Key Card Blackwood, a slam bidding convention. Robert coup A rare
After emerging from committee, the full House debated the issue and, on August 24, 1789, passed it and 16 other articles of amendment. Next, the proposals went to the Senate, which made 26 substantive alterations. On September 9, 1789, the Senate approved a culled and consolidated package of 12 articles of amendment. On September 21, 1789, a House–Senate conference committee convened to resolve numerous differences between the House and Senate Bill of Rights proposals. On September 24, 1789, the committee
Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan (4 February 1917 – 10 August 1980) was a Pakistani general who served as the third president of Pakistan from 1969 to 1971, under martial law. His presidency oversaw a civil war and genocide in East Pakistan, resulting in the Bangladesh's secession. He also served as the fifth commander-in-chief of the Pakistan Army from 1966 to 1971. A Pathan of Punjab, Khan was commissioned into the British Indian Army in 1939 and fought in the Second
Ahmad, then Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of Pakistan told Henry Kissinger that the state "had now realized that it would have to sacrifice some of its economic growth rate for the sake of social reform and of meeting the problem of disparity in the allocation of resources" between the two wings, and noted that the loss of direct US military aid meant "Pakistan had had to cut back resources devoted to the development budget in order to finance
Air China, China Southern Airlines, and China Eastern Airlines, which collectively made up 71% of the market in 2018, are all state-owned. Air travel has expanded rapidly in the last decades, with the number of passengers increasing from 16.6 million in 1990 to 551.2 million in 2017. China had approximately 259 airports in 2024. China has over 2,000 river and seaports, about 130 of which are open to foreign shipping. Of the fifty busiest container ports, 18 are located in
Air Force Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 attacks two Italian Army Agusta-Bell AB-206L LongRanger helicopters carrying observers from the European Community Monitor Mission. One crashes, killing five people on board. The other helicopter crash-lands, but its occupants survive. January 9 Bosnian Serbs declare their own republic within Bosnia and Herzegovina, in protest at the decision by Bosniaks and Bosnian Croats to seek recognition by the European Communities. First confirmed detection of exoplanets with announcement of the discovery of several terrestrial-mass planets orbiting the
Airlines Flight 474 crashes near Nha Trang, killing 30. November 15 – The Lithuanian parliamentary election sees the Communists of the Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania, led by Algirdas Brazauskas, return to power. November 18 – Russian president Boris Yeltsin releases the flight data recorder (FDR) and cockpit voice recorder (CVR) of Korean Air Flight 007, which was shot down by the Soviets in 1983. November 24 – In China, China Southern Airlines Flight 3943, a China Southern Airlines domestic
Albus Dumbledore appears and explains that the mirror reflects a person's deepest desire. He says that the mirror will be moved to a new home shortly, but adds ominously that Harry will be prepared if he sees it again. Harry, Ron and Hermione learn from Hagrid that Nicolas Flamel is involved with the object in the forbidden corridor, which is guarded by a giant three-headed dog named Fluffy. Harry later joins Hagrid in an investigation of an attack on a
Aleksandr Zataevich in two or three parts. An octave drone is possible, or even an ostinato alternating the fifth step of a scale with an octave. In Turkish, the Jew's harp is called as ağız kopuzu. The Jew's harp traditionally used in Turkish folk songs from Anatolia has fallen out of use with time. Modern renditions of Turkish folk songs with the Jew's harp have been done by artists such as Senem Diyici in the song 'Dolama Dolamayı' and Ravan
Algeria. September 21 The Islamic Salvation Army, the Islamic Salvation Fronts' armed wing, declares a unilateral ceasefire in Algeria. St. Olaf's Church, a stone church from the 16th century in Tyrvää, Finland, is burnt down. September 26 Garuda Indonesia Flight 152 crashes while on approach to Medan, North Sumatra, during the 1997 Southeast Asian haze, killing all 234 people on board. This becomes the deadliest aviation accident in Indonesian history. An earthquake strikes the Italian regions of Umbria and Marche,
Ali, Pakistan lost half its navy in the war. After the attempted pre-emptive attack, the PAF adopted a defensive stance in response to the Indian retaliation. As the war progressed, the IAF continued to battle the PAF over conflict zones, but the number of sorties flown by the PAF decreased day–by–day. The IAF flew 4,000 sorties while the PAF offered little in retaliation, partly because of the paucity of non-Bengali technical personnel. This lack of retaliation has also been attributed
Alice H. Choi saw four "prominent factors" that led to the riots: "(a) racism; (b) tension among ethnic minorities; (c) economic strife in the African American community juxtaposed against the apparent success of Korean Americans doing business in the community; and, (d) exploitation of all of the above by the media." She sees the interaction between Du and Harlins as an example of how different cultural systems can clash: "It is possible that Du, being the older woman, expected courtesy
All for a bottle of Scotch, a personal recall of Major (later Major General) C K Karumbaya, SM, the battle for Magura "The Rediff Interview/Lt Gen A A Khan Niazi". Rediff. 2 February 2004.
All-Big Ten Conference, and was the Big Ten Receiver of the Year. Following his junior season, Moore made the decision to enter the 2018 NFL draft. Moore was invited to the 2018 NFL Combine, where he led receivers in the broad jump, and recorded the second best vertical jump. He also ran a 4.42 second 40-yard dash. Moore was selected by the Carolina Panthers in the first round with the 24th overall pick in the 2018 NFL Draft. Moore was
All-Rookie Team (1985) 6× NFL receiving yards leader (1986, 1989, 1990, 1993–1995) 2× NFL receptions leader (1990, 1996) 6× NFL receiving touchdowns leader (1986, 1987, 1989–1991, 1993) NFL scoring leader (1987) NFL 1980s All-Decade Team NFL 1990s All-Decade Team NFL 75th Anniversary All-Time Team NFL 100th Anniversary All-Time Team (unanimous selection) Super Bowl Silver Anniversary Team (1990) NFL All-Time Team (2000) No. 80 retired by the San Francisco 49ers San Francisco 49ers Hall of Fame No. 1 on The Top
Allies of World War II, and was later considered one of the primary victors in the war. After the surrender of Japan in 1945, China emerged victorious but war-ravaged and financially drained. Taiwan, along with the Penghu, were handed over to ROC control; however, the validity of this handover is controversial. In 1946, fighting between CCP and KMT forces broke out and the country resumed a state of civil war that lasted more than three years. Constitutional rule was established
Alone" and "Darlin'", but the project was halted by Carl and Mike Love, who urged Brian to prioritize Beach Boys commitments. The band's June 1968 album Friends was recorded during a period of emotional recovery for Wilson. While the album featured increased contributions from other members, Wilson remained central, even on tracks he did not write. He later described Friends as his second "solo album" (after Pet Sounds) and his favorite Beach Boys album. For the remainder of 1968, Wilson's
Alongside these episodes, the programme's format between 2016 and 2019 also included special episodes in similar format to Top Gear specials, focused on the presenters on journeys in a specific type of vehicle or class all over the planet. Like Top Gear, car reviews on The Grand Tour functioned in a similar manner in which the presenters, either on their own or with their colleagues, take a look at various cars and test them out on various aspects such as
Although Rice only had one catch for six yards in the game, the 49ers defeated the Packers 30–27. San Francisco was defeated in the Divisional Round by the Atlanta Falcons 18–20. Rice had a receiving touchdown in the loss. In Week 13 of the 1999 season, Rice had nine receptions for 157 receiving yards and two touchdowns in the 44–30 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals. In the 49ers' regular season finale against the Atlanta Falcons, he had six receptions for
American Civil War now over, the U.S. began to provide more political and military assistance to Mexico to expel the French." After the American Civil War's end, Napoleon III, facing a persistent Mexican guerilla resistance, the threat of war with Prussia, and "the prospect of a serious scrap with the United States", began withdrawing French troops from Mexico in 1866. The Mexicans recaptured Mexico City, and Maximilian I was apprehended and executed, along with his Mexican generals Miguel Miramón and
American Civil War ship that fought the Monitor. See Deschapelles coup. Michaels cue bid By prior agreement, an immediate cue bid in the suit of an opponent's opening bid, such as 1♦ – (2♦), for two-suited takeout. The cue bid of a minor suit shows length in both major suits. The cue bid of a major suit typically shows length in the other major suit and in an unspecified minor suit. MiniBridge A simplified form of contract bridge designed to
American preacher with whom Elizabeth consults Jared Harris as King George VI, Elizabeth's father, known to his family as Bertie John Lithgow as Sir Winston Churchill, the Queen's first Prime Minister Ben Miles as Group Captain Peter Townsend, George VI's former equerry and Princess Margaret's ex-fiancé Michael C. Hall as John F. Kennedy, 35th President of the United States Jodi Balfour as Jacqueline Kennedy, the First Lady of the United States Burghart Klaußner as Dr Kurt Hahn, the founder of
American rapper, singer-songwriter and dancer May 20 - Omar Apollo. American bilingual singer and songwriter May 26 - Grace Carter, English singer-songwriter May 27 – Soccer Mommy, American singer-songwriter May 31 – Cupcakke, American rapper, LBTQ+ advocate June 9 - Tay Iwar, a Nigerian singer, songwriter, composer, sound engineer and record producer June 11 Kodak Black, American rapper Jorja Smith, British singer June 13 – 070 Shake, American rapper June 14 – Fujii Kaze, Japanese singer June 15 – Bali
American singer, and 2013 The Voice contestant Faye Webster, American singer-songwriter Raylee, Norwegian singer, dancer and actress June 26 Abi Ann, American singer-songwriter Baek Ye-rin, South Korean singer-songwriter and former member of 15& June 27 – H.E.R., American singer-songwriter July 1 – Indigo De Souza, American singer July 5 Cloud Wan, Hong Kong singer and actress Park Ji-min South Korean singer-songwriter, television host and former member of 15& July 7 - James Marriott, British YouTuber and musician July 7 –
Amos Diggory, who is cared for by his niece Delphi, asks Harry to use the Time-Turner to prevent the death of his son, Cedric. After overhearing Harry refuse to help the Diggorys, Albus is inspired to do so and convinces Scorpius to help him. The two escape from the Hogwarts Express to visit Amos, and they team up with Delphi to steal the Time-Turner from Hermione's office, in the Ministry of Magic, while disguised with Polyjuice Potion. As Cedric's death
An auction is usually a process of buying and selling goods or services by offering them up for bids, taking bids, and then selling the item to the highest bidder or buying the item from the lowest bidder. Some exceptions to this definition exist and are described in the section about different types. The branch of economic theory dealing with auction types and participants' behavior in auctions is called auction theory. The open ascending price auction is arguably the most
Angeles County Sheriff's Department (LASD) organized response began to come together by midday. The LAFD and Los Angeles County Fire Department (LACoFD) began to respond backed by police escort; California Highway Patrol reinforcements were airlifted to the city. US President George H. W. Bush spoke out against the rioting, saying anarchy would not be tolerated. The California Army National Guard, which had been advised not to expect civil disturbance and had, as a result, loaned its riot equipment out to
Angeles. He invested most of this money in founding a hip-hop record label, "Straight Alta-Pazz Records". The venture was unable to garner success and soon folded. King was later arrested at least eleven times on a variety of charges, including domestic abuse and hit and run. King and his family moved from Los Angeles to San Bernardino County's Rialto suburb in an attempt to escape the fame and notoriety and begin a new life. King and his family later returned
Anton Lesser and Matthew Goode are added to the main cast. Original main cast members Jared Harris, John Lithgow, and Ben Miles also return in cameo appearances. The Crown traces the life of Queen Elizabeth II from her wedding in 1947 through to the present day. Season two covers the period between 1956 and 1964. Claire Foy continues to portray the Queen, and the season covers the Suez Crisis in 1956, the retirement of the Queen's third Prime Minister Harold
April 19 – Eldon Hoke, metal/punk singer and drummer, 39 May 9 – Willy Hess, Swiss musicologist and composer, 90 May 11 – Ernie Fields, American trombonist, pianist and bandleader, 93 May 29 – Jeff Buckley, American singer-songwriter and guitarist, 30 (drowned) June 2 – Doc Cheatham, jazz trumpeter, 91 June 4 – Ronnie Lane, member of The Small Faces, 51 (multiple sclerosis, pneumonia) June 7 – Arthur Prysock, jazz singer, 68 June 16 – John Wolters (Dr Hook), 52
Arabia, the United States, and Iran at the same time, given each state's back-and-forth rivalry with another, and in particular, Iran's rivalry with all three. In 1995 Bhutto paid a lengthy state visit to Iran, which greatly relaxed relations. At a public meeting, she spoke highly of Iran and Iranian society. However, increasing activity by Shi'a militants in Pakistan strained relations further. This was followed by the Taliban's capture of the city of Mazar-i-Sharif in 1998, in which thousands of
Arabia. In a speech at Harvard University in 2010, Pakistan's foreign minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi justified Iran's nuclear program as peaceful and argued that Iran had "no justification" to pursue nuclear weapons, citing the lack of any immediate threat to Iran, and urged Iran to "embrace overtures" from the United States. Qureshi also observed that Iran had signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and should respect the treaty. Iran and Pakistan have been described as competitors for influence in the Middle
Area Sports Hall of Fame – Class of 2007 Mississippi Valley State University Athletics Hall of Fame – Class of 2006 Harold & Carole Pump Foundation – Lifetime Achievement Award (2019) Rice married Jacqueline "Jackie" Bernice Mitchell on September 8, 1987. Jacqueline Rice filed for divorce in June 2007, which became final in late December 2009. They have three children, Jaqui Bonet (born 1987), Jerry Rice Jr. (born 1991), and Jada Symone (born 1996). Jerry Jr., who attended high school
Arms of England, Ireland and Scotland upon the Union of the Crowns of the three kingdoms in 1603. Upon the secession of the Irish Free State from the United Kingdom in 1922, the harp was taken as the emblem of the independent Irish state. The Lordship of Ireland, the medieval realm of Ireland that existed between 1171 and 1541 under the English crown, had separate arms. A commission of Edward IV in c. 1467–8 into the arms of Ireland found
Army for creating conditions which led to the eventual loss of East Pakistan and for inept handling of military operations in the East. After the war, 41 battle honours and 4 theatre honours were awarded to units of the Indian Army; notable among them are: For bravery, a number of soldiers and officers on both sides were awarded the highest gallantry award of their respective countries. Following is a list of the recipients of the Indian award Param Vir Chakra,
Around", their first U.S. number-one hit, is identified by scholar James Perone as representing both a successful response to the British Invasion and the beginning of an unofficial rivalry between Wilson and the Beatles, principally Paul McCartney. The B-side, "Don't Worry Baby", was cited by Wilson in a 1970 interview as "Probably the best record we've done". By late 1964, Wilson had faced mounting psychological strain from career pressures. He began distancing himself from the Beach Boys' surf-themed material, which
Asian and global history. The country had one of the largest economies in the world for most of the past two millennia, during which it has seen cycles of prosperity and decline. Since economic reforms began in 1978, China has developed into a highly diversified economy and one of the most consequential players in international trade. China officially calls its economic system as the socialist market economy. Modern-day China is often described as an example of state capitalism or party-state
Asian architecture, including in Japan, Korea, and Mongolia. and minor influences on the architecture of Southeast and South Asia including the countries of Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and the Philippines. Chinese architecture is characterized by bilateral symmetry, use of enclosed open spaces, feng shui (e.g. directional hierarchies), a horizontal emphasis, and an allusion to various cosmological, mythological or in general symbolic elements. Chinese architecture traditionally classifies structures according to type, ranging from pagodas to palaces.
Assembly of Sonora, and they would hold Cinco de Mayo celebrations each year for a time to commemorate the Mexican Army's victory over occupying French forces at the first Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862. According to "Cinco de Mayo's First Seventy-Five Years in Alta California: From Spontaneous Behavior to Sedimented Memory, 1862 to 1937." by David E. Hayes-Bautista and Cynthia L. Chamberlin, published in the Southern California Quarterly, by the UCLA Center for the Study of Latino Health
Assembly post-ratified the amendment in 1996 (Senate Joint Resolution No. 50), at Watson's request, likewise unaware that the task had already been attended to 204 years earlier. In April 1983, Maine became the first state to ratify the amendment as a result of Watson's campaign, followed by Colorado in April 1984. Numerous state legislatures followed suit, with some reaffirming the amendment despite having affirmed it centuries ago. Michigan and New Jersey rushed to be the 38th state to ratify the
At Florence and Halldale, two officers issued a plea for assistance in apprehending a young suspect who had thrown an object at their car and whom they were pursuing on foot. Approximately two dozen officers, commanded by 77th Street Division LAPD Lieutenant Michael Moulin, arrived and arrested the youth, 16-year old Seandel Daniels, forcing him into the back of a car. The rough handling of the young man, a well-known minor in the community, further agitated an uneasy and growing
At a given singing event, one or more people are designated "keyers"; they are responsible for choosing the key at which the song will be sung and intoning it to the group. The singers reply with the opening notes of their own parts, and then the song begins immediately. Leaders have the option of keying their own songs, if they are able and choose to do so. As the name implies, the tunes in the Sacred Harp and related tunebooks
Athlone Pursuivant, Edward Fletcher, c. 1575 and, with slight change of tinctures, became the arms of Connacht in the seventeenth century. Armorial of Ireland Coat of arms of Northern Ireland Flag of Ireland Green ensign Great Seal of the Irish Free State Irish heraldry List of flags of Ireland Seal of the president of Ireland Shamrock Office of the Chief Herald of Ireland. Archived 24 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine. Two "Ireland" images in Ulster Office's Draft Grants of
Atlanta Falcons on a 25-yard reception from Joe Montana in Week 5. Rice had a breakout game with ten receptions for a then franchise-record 241 yards against the Los Angeles Rams in Week 13, his first over 100 receiving yards, with San Francisco losing 27–20. For his game against the Rams, Rice earned NFC Offensive Player of the Week. After a seven reception, 111-yard performance in a 31–16 victory in the regular season finale against the Dallas Cowboys, while scoring
Atlanta with shooting also occurring in Marietta. In November, the series was filming in Union City. In December, shooting transpired at the closed Rio Bravo Cantina restaurant in Atlanta. Principal photography for the fourth season began in February 2021 and ended in April in Atlanta. Filming for the fifth season began in September 2021 and finished in December. Like previous seasons, parts were filmed in Atlanta, Marietta, Georgia, and Los Angeles. The Mexico scenes were filmed in Puerto Rico on
August 1999, an alleged 17-year-old male American high school senior named Francis D. Cornworth posted an auction for his virginity on eBay. Bids quickly rose from an initial $10 to $10 million before the listing was removed. In chronological order, virginity auctions which have received substantial news reporting include: The 4 January 2004, issue of the Weekly World News reported that 24-year-old American Cathy Cobblerson was selling her virginity on an auction website, and hoped to receive US$100,000 to pay
August 21 due to inflammation in his right elbow. At the time of his injury, he was third in the NL in saves, behind Craig Kimbrel and John Axford. On September 18, the Giants reactivated him from the DL. After two games back, Bochy decided to shut down Wilson for the final two games of the season. In 57 games, he had a 6–4 record, a 3.11 ERA, 54 strikeouts, and 31 walks in 55 innings pitched. He converted 36
Australian films of 1997 List of Bangladeshi films of 1997 List of British films of 1997 List of Canadian films of 1997 List of French films of 1997 List of Hong Kong films of 1997 List of Indian films of 1997 List of Hindi films of 1997 List of Kannada films of 1997 List of Malayalam films of 1997 List of Marathi films of 1997 List of Tamil films of 1997 List of Telugu films of 1997 List of Japanese
Australian premiere at the Princess Theatre in Melbourne. In anticipation of the play, the Princess Theatre underwent an estimated $6.5 million renovation to create a more immersive "magical" and theatrical experience for the audience. Presale tickets were released on 2 August 2018, selling more than 200,000 tickets in just four days, before the public sale tickets were released. On 2 September 2018, the cast was announced. It starred Gareth Reeves as Harry Potter, Paula Arundell as Hermione Granger, Gyton Grantley
Awami League's government decided to set up a tribunal to prosecute the people involved in alleged war crimes and those who collaborated with Pakistan. According to the government, the defendants would be charged with crimes against humanity, genocide, murder, rape and arson. According to John H. Gill, there was widespread polarisation between pro-Pakistan Bengalis and pro-liberation Bengalis during the war, and those internal battles are still playing out in the domestic politics of modern-day Bangladesh. To this day, the issue
Awami League, the largest East Pakistani political party, led by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, won a landslide victory in the national elections. The party won 167 of the 169 seats allotted to East Pakistan, and thus a majority of the 313 seats in the National Assembly. This gave the Awami League the constitutional right to form a government. However, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto (a former foreign minister), the leader of the Pakistan People's Party, refused to allow Rahman to become the prime
Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as Miyagi. Morita reprised his role in three subsequent sequels, while Macchio returned for two. Upon release of the 2010 remake, Dana Stevens wrote: "The 1984 original ... may have seemed like a standard-issue inspirational sports picture at the time, but (as with another box-office hit of the same year, The Terminator), a generation of remove reveals what a well-crafted movie it actually was. Rewatched today, the original Kid, directed by Rocky's
Away" with his father in early 1969, after which he largely withdrew from studio work until August. The group faced difficulties securing a new record deal, attributed by Gaines to Wilson's diminished standing in the industry. In May 1969, Wilson disclosed the band's near-bankruptcy to reporters, which derailed negotiations with Deutsche Grammophon and nearly jeopardized their upcoming European tour. That July, he opened a short-lived health food store, the Radiant Radish, with cousin Steve Korthof and associate Arny Geller. In
B. Turner in the June 1973 issue of The Bridge World. Guard A holding that prevents an opponent from taking a trick or tricks. See stopper, guard squeeze. Hand The 13 cards held by one player on a deal. A deal or board. Ordinally, a player counting in rotation from dealer or first hand. For example, "Third hand bid 1♠." Hand pattern See distribution. Hand record A document that lists the cards in each hand of every board played in
BBC One, following the death of Lady Diana Spencer. November 11 – Telecom companies WorldCom and MCI Communications announce a US$37 billion merger to form MCI WorldCom, the largest merger in U.S. history. November 12 – Mary McAleese is elected the eighth President of Ireland in succession to Mary Robinson, the first time in the world that one woman has succeeded another as elected head of state. November 13 – Ramzi Yousef is found guilty of masterminding the 1993 World
BBC's Top Gear. In May and Clarkson's case they had served as part of the rotating hosts of the original Top Gear, with all three including Hammond being permanent hosts for the 2002 rebooted series from the second series in 2003 (Jason Dawe having presented series one of the rebooted show alongside Clarkson and Hammond instead of May) up to the twenty second series in 2015. Under them, the show had an estimated worldwide audience of 350 million, and listed
BBC's motoring series. Films focused primarily on car review, motoring challenges, and road trip journeys, often in similar mould to those seen in Top Gear, such as a challenge in which the presenters have to purchase a class of a vehicle and see which is the best through a series of tests given through text messages from the show's producer. Alongside these episodes, the programme's format between 2016 and 2019 also included special episodes in similar format to Top Gear
BCE. Some scholars have suggested that the Jiahu symbols (7th millennium BCE) constituted the earliest Chinese writing system. According to traditional Chinese historiography, the Xia dynasty was established during the late 3rd millennium BCE, marking the beginning of the dynastic cycle that was understood to underpin China's entire political history. In the modern era, the Xia's historicity came under increasing scrutiny, in part due to the earliest known attestation of the Xia being written millennia after the date given for
BWPS received widespread acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, Smile received an average score of 97 based on 29 reviews, making it the third-highest rated album in the website's history. Rolling Stone's Robert Christgau, who was skeptical of Smile back in the 1960s, praised Parks' lyrics and wrote, "what elevates them into something approaching a utopian vision is Wilson's orchestrations: brief bridge melodies, youthful harmonies [...] and an
Back!", the campaign was controversial. Wilson's remarks in interviews implied he had not fully recovered from his addictions; on one occasion, he remarked that he "felt like a prisoner". A concert reviewer noted that he "seemed uncomfortable on stage" and contributed "nil". From October 1976 to January 1977, Wilson produced a collection of recordings largely on his own while his bandmates pursued other creative and personal endeavors. Released in April 1977, The Beach Boys Love You was the band's first
Baghdad. When inspectors arrive on July 28 and 29, they find nothing and voice suspicions that Iraqi records have been removed. July 31 Georgia becomes the 179th member of the United Nations after seceding from the Soviet Union the previous year. Thai Airways International Flight 311, an Airbus A310-300, crashes into a mountain north of Kathmandu, Nepal killing all 113 people on board. China General Aviation Flight 7552 bound for Xiamen crashes soon after taking off from Nanjing Dajiaochang Airport,
Balfour as Jacqueline Kennedy, the First Lady of the United States Burghart Klaußner as Dr Kurt Hahn, the founder of Gordonstoun school Finn Elliot as school-aged Prince Philip Julian Baring as school-aged Prince Charles, Elizabeth and Philip's eldest child and the heir apparent The second season was released on Netflix worldwide in its entirety on 8 December 2017. Season two was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United Kingdom on 22 October 2018 and worldwide on 13 November 2018.
Baloch separatists and cooperated in the 1970s Balochistan operation. Following the Iranian Revolution (1978–1979), which overthrew the Pahlavi dynasty, Pakistan was one of the first countries to recognize the Islamic Republic of Iran, and worked together during the Soviet–Afghan War (1979–1989) when Iran backed the Pakistan-funded Afghan mujahideen, and Pakistan supported Iran in the Iran–Iraq War (1980–1988); however, following the next phase of the Afghan War, relations between the two soured after Iran and Pakistan backed opposing sides, and the
Bangladesh government in exile, Osmani favored a different strategy: Bengali conventional forces would occupy lodgments inside Bangladesh and the Bangladesh government would request international diplomatic recognition and intervention. Initially Mymensingh was picked for this operation, but Osmani later settled on Sylhet. Sending the maximum number of guerrillas into Bangladesh as soon as possible with the following objectives: Increasing Pakistani casualties through raids and ambush. Cripple economic activity by hitting power stations, railway lines, storage depots and communication networks. Destroy Pakistan
Bangladesh government-in-exile, and made its first broadcast on 25 May, the anniversary of the birth of poet Kazi Nazrul Islam (who would later be named Bangladesh's national poet). Among the Indian contributors to the radio station's nationalistic programmes was Salil Chowdhury. Akashvani Kolkata also actively took part in this effort. By the end of April 1971, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi had asked the Indian Chief of Army Staff Gen Sam Manekshaw if he was ready to go to war with
Bangladesh. ISBN 978-984-8866-18-4. Saigal, J R (2000). Pakistan Splits: The Birth of Bangladesh. Manas Publications. ISBN 9788170491248. Warner, Geoffrey. "Nixon, Kissinger and the breakup of Pakistan, 1971." International Affairs 81.5 (2005): 1097–1118. Video of General Niazi Surrendering A complete coverage of the war from the Indian perspective An Atlas of the 1971 India – Pakistan War: The Creation of Bangladesh by John H. Gill Actual conversation from the then US President Nixon and Henry Kissinger during the 1971 War –
Barnes, carillonist, 70 November 6 – Epic Soundtracks, English singer-songwriter, drummer of Swell Maps, Crime and the City Solution and These Immortal Souls, 38 November 12 – Carlos Surinach, Spanish-American composer and conductor, 82 November 20 – Robert Palmer, writer, musicologist, clarinetist and producer, 52 November 22 – Michael Hutchence, singer of INXS, 37 (suicide by hanging) December 1 – Stephane Grappelli, French violinist, 89 December 2 – Michael Hedges, composer and guitarist, 43 (car accident) December 16 – Nicolette
Barney Stinson's bachelor party, leading to Barney shouting that he hates Macchio and that Johnny was the real hero of The Karate Kid. Towards the end of the episode, a clown in the party wipes off his makeup and reveals himself as Zabka. Zabka continued to be a recurring character throughout the ninth season of the show. The creators of Cobra Kai commented on this episode stating that they "appreciate the parallel fandoms that this show has, whether it's the
Beach Boys tracks. He recalled that he "learned how to sing falsetto" through listening to Four Freshmen renditions. Rosemary Clooney also influenced his singing; by mimicking her phrasing on recordings like "Hey There", he learned "to sing with feeling". Initially, his singing was characterized by a pure tenor voice; later in life, he employed this range only rarely. Fearing that a high vocal delivery might fuel perceptions of homosexuality, he avoided it. After the early 1970s, his voice degraded following
Beach Boys." In many interviews he gave around the album's release, Wilson disparaged the Beach Boys, calling them inferior to his current band. In a 2007 interview, Love expressed that he was disappointed to hear about Wilson's remarks. "I'm glad that he's happy with the people he's performing with, but, you know, I think it's sad that he thinks that. My personal feeling is that the original group recordings on Smile have got to be better." Bruce Johnston took offense
Beans can be exchanged with Fred and George Weasley for passwords, which can uncover rewards like the Nimbus 2000. Harry can also collect Famous Witches and Wizards cards, often hidden in secret areas accessed by interacting with environmental objects. Spells are a central mechanic, learned through Simon-style button sequence minigames during magic classes. Spells like Flipendo (a basic projectile) and Incendio (for burning objects) are cast using context-sensitive sparkles that indicate targets and automatically select the appropriate spell. Casting requires
Beard", and held up signs bearing the same motto. Teammate Sergio Romo also began growing a beard in 2010; he has had it intermittently ever since. Wilson has a number of tattoos. On his left shoulder, he has a dragon to honor his father, which represents the "protection from fear" that Wilson's dad gave him. Across his chest, he has the words "In nomine patris" ("In the name of the father"), and on his right wrist he has a Celtic
Beatles than Brian [...] the musician who challenged them most of all." Jimmy Webb explained, "As far as a major, modern producer who was working right in the middle of the pop milieu, no one was doing what Brian was doing. We didn't even know that it was possible until he did it." David Crosby called Wilson "the most highly regarded pop musician in America. Hands down." Elton John credited Wilson with revolutionizing bass technique for songwriters and keyboardists, being
Beijing. With the budding of capitalism, philosophers such as Wang Yangming critiqued and expanded Neo-Confucianism with concepts of individualism and equality of four occupations. The scholar-official stratum became a supporting force of industry and commerce in the tax boycott movements, which, together with the famines and defense against Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598) and Later Jin incursions led to an exhausted treasury. In 1644, Beijing was captured by a coalition of peasant rebel forces led by Li Zicheng. The Chongzhen
Bengali officers in Pakistan's army, navy, and marines defected to the rebellion after taking refuge in different parts of India. The Bangladesh Force, namely the Mukti Bahini, consisting of a conventional force and a guerilla force, was formed under the retired colonel Mohammad Ataul Gani Osmani. There was also a meeting between Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and President Richard Nixon in November 1971, in which the former rejected American advice against intervening in the conflict. After the resignations of Admiral
Berry, which topped U.S. charts in July 1963, his first composition to do so. The song's success revitalized Jan and Dean's faltering career. Capitol and Wilson's father disapproved of the collaboration; Murry demanded his son cease working with the duo, though they continued to appear on each other's recordings. Around this time, Wilson began producing the Rovell Sisters, a girl group consisting of sisters Marilyn Rovell and Diane Rovell and their cousin Ginger Blake, whom he met at a Beach
Bhutan Jigme Dorji Wangchuck, former Soviet General Secretary Leonid IIyich Brezhnev, former Soviet head of state Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny, former Soviet Prime Minister Alexei Nikolaevich Kosygin, former Yugoslav President Marshal Josip Broz Tito, former UK Prime Minister Sir Edward Richard George Heath and former Nepalese Prime Minister Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala. The organisations include the BBC, Akashbani (All India Radio), International Committee of the Red Cross, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Oxfam and Kolkata University Shahayak Samiti. The list of
Bhutto (a former foreign minister), the leader of the Pakistan People's Party, refused to allow Rahman to become the prime minister of Pakistan. Instead, he proposed the idea of having two prime ministers, one for each wing. The proposal elicited outrage in the east wing, already chafing under the other constitutional innovation, the "One Unit scheme". Bhutto also refused to accept Rahman's Six Points. On 3 March 1971, the two leaders of the two wings along with the president general
Bichon dog type, linked most closely to the Bichon Tenerife and the Tenerife Terrier. There have been many stories circulating about the history of the Coton in recent years, most of them untrue. The Coton de Tuléar was never feral on Madagascar. It did not hunt wild boar or crocodiles, as its size, strength, and demeanor can disprove easily. It was a companion dog of the Merina (the ruling tribe) in Madagascar. It has a very little prey drive and
Bidding. Agreements used in the Ultimate Club to request and show controls. Vanderbilt Club A bidding system devised by Harold S. Vanderbilt and published by him in 1929, the first strong club system. Variable notrump The use of a weak notrump when not vulnerable and a strong notrump when vulnerable. Victory points (VP) A conversion scale used in team contests and based on total IMP differences, so as to reduce the effect of very large swings. Vienna coup The unblock
Blackwood uses of 4NT by context. Direction A player's position at the bridge table (North, East, South or West). Direct position Usually said of a bid that is made immediately following RHO's bid. Contrast Balance (verb), on balancing action in balancing position. Directional asking bid Often abbreviated as DAB. A cuebid of opponent's suit below 3NT, showing a partial stop in that suit and requesting partner to bid notrump with a holding such as Qx or Jxx. Common in the
Blue Team Club and the Roman Club. Captain In a teams competition, one person called the captain must represent a team in stipulated official settings and make stipulated official decisions for a team. A playing captain (pc) is eligible to participate as a player at the table; a non-playing captain (npc) may not play. Many team competitions including WBF world championships limit teams to six players, thus to seven members depending on the kind of captain. Other team officials such
Blues. Black Sabbath – "Sleeping Village" The Who – "Join Together" Jew's harp music Music of Central Asia Traditional music of Sicily Berimbau Đàn môi, another kind of Jew's harp from Vietnam Gogona, a similar instrument played by Assamese people (especially women) while singing and dancing Bihu Karinding, a Sundanese traditional musical instrument from Indonesia Kouxian, the Chinese version Kubing, a bamboo Jew's harp from the Philippines Morsing, Carnatic Jew's harp Mukkuri, a traditional bamboo instrument of the Ainu of
Bochy. Upon entering the dugout, Wilson took out his frustrations by throwing a Gatorade cooler and smashing it with a bat. The Giants still won the game 4–3 as Jeremy Affeldt got the save. Wilson was elected to his third All-Star Game; he earned the save in a 5–1 victory over the AL. Wilson was placed on the DL on August 21 due to inflammation in his right elbow. At the time of his injury, he was third in the
Bosnia and Herzegovina. May 1 – Lithuania introduces a new temporary currency, the talonas. May 5 Russian leaders in Crimea declare their separation from Ukraine as a new republic. They withdraw the secession on May 10. Armand Césari Stadium disaster in Bastia on Corsica: 18 people are killed and 2,300 are injured when one of the terraces collapses before a football match between SC Bastia and Olympique de Marseille. May 7 STS-49: Space Shuttle Endeavour makes its maiden flight, as
Both countries granted each other MFN status for trade purposes; the Shah offered Iranian oil and gas to Pakistan on generous terms, and the Iranian and Pakistani militaries extensively cooperated to suppress the rebel movement in Baluchistan. During the Shah's era, Iran moved closer to Pakistan in many fields. Pakistan, Iran, and Turkey joined the United States-sponsored Central Treaty Organization, which extended a defensive alliance along with the Soviet Union's southern perimeter. Iran played an important role in the Indo-Pakistani
Bowie performs his 50th Birthday Bash concert (the day after his birthday) at Madison Square Garden, New York City, USA with guests Frank Black, Foo Fighters, Sonic Youth, Robert Smith of The Cure, Lou Reed, and Billy Corgan of The Smashing Pumpkins, with the opening act Placebo. Proceeds from the concert went to the Save the Children fund. January 10 – James Brown receives a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Hollywood, USA. January 17–February 2 – The
Bowl. These assertions were proven correct, as Rice made it back to the Super Bowl with the 49ers in 1994, recording 112 receptions for 1,499 yards and 13 touchdowns, with Sanders winning the NFL Defensive Player of the Year Award. The season began against the Los Angeles Raiders, where he had a seven reception, 169-yard game with two touchdowns (rushing for one more), moving into first place in the NFL records for career touchdowns, with 127. On September 18 against
Boy I Love", which he said "opened up a door of creativity for me". He particularly admired Spector's method of treating "the song as one giant instrument", valuing the enormous, spacious sound, with "the best drums I ever heard". Upon hearing the Ronettes' 1963 hit "Be My Baby" on his car radio, he immediately pulled over and declared it the greatest record he had ever heard. Within days, record producer Lou Adler personally introduced the two producers, and they subsequently
Bradley to plea for calm. The riots would continue to be used as a plot element in later television shows such as the 2022 reboot of Quantum Leap. The riots was also heavily featured in film, in both feature films and documentaries. Several directors have created films that examine the riots from the perspective of Korean Americans, such as Sa-I-Gu, Gook, and Dai Sil Kim-Gibson's film Wet Sand: Voices from LA. Documentaries that focus on the riots and their influence
Break (Noun) The distribution of cards in a suit between the two opponents' (often unseen) hands: "I got a 4–1 spade break." An even break occurs when the cards are distributed evenly or nearly so, such as 3–3 or 3–2. A bad break, connoting a distribution that is difficult to handle, suggests an unexpectedly uneven distribution, such as 5–1 or 6–0. See distribution. (Verb) To be divided between two hands. "The spades broke 3–2." (Verb) To lead a particular suit
Brenden Khalil Rice (born March 18, 2002) is an American professional football wide receiver for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Colorado and USC before being drafted by the Los Angeles Chargers in the seventh round of the 2024 NFL draft. Rice is the son of Hall Of Famer Jerry Rice. Rice attended Hamilton High School in Chandler, Arizona and played football as a wide receiver. He also played basketball and
Brian Douglas Wilson (June 20, 1942 – June 11, 2025) was an American musician, singer, songwriter and record producer who co-founded the Beach Boys and received widespread recognition as one of the most innovative and significant musical figures of his era. His work was distinguished for its high production values, complex harmonies and orchestrations, vocal layering, introspective lyrics, and ingenuousness. He was also known for his versatile head voice and falsetto. Wilson's formative influences included George Gershwin, the Four Freshmen,
Brian Patrick Wilson (born March 16, 1982), nicknamed "the Beard" and "B-Weezy", is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Francisco Giants and Los Angeles Dodgers. He stands 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) tall and weighs 205 pounds (93 kg). Wilson is known for his large black beard, which he began growing during the 2010 pennant race. Wilson's entrance at home games accompanied by the song "Jump Around" was
Brian Wilson Presents Smile (also referred to as Smile or the abbreviation BWPS) is the fifth studio album by American musician Brian Wilson, released on September 28, 2004 by Nonesuch (Brimel/Rhino for the vinyl 2Lp version). It features all-new recordings of music that he had originally created for Smile, an unfinished concept album he produced for the Beach Boys and abandoned in 1967. Revisiting the project was an intense emotional undertaking for Wilson, who had long associated it with trauma
Bridge Federation. Contract bridge probabilities How to Keep Score - from the official ACBL website. ACBL Live (tournament results)
Bridge League. The majority of rules mirror those of duplicate bridge in the bidding and play and differ primarily in procedures for dealing and scoring. In 2001, the WBF promulgated a set of laws for online play. Bridge is a game of skill played with randomly dealt cards, which makes it also a game of chance, or more exactly, a tactical game with inbuilt randomness, imperfect knowledge and restricted communication. The chance element is in the deal of the cards;
Bridge, notrump tricks bid and made, and undoubled notrump tricks made but not bid, score 30, 40, 30, 40, 30, 40, 30. In 1935 this became 40, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30. Redoubled undertricks have always scored twice as much as the same doubled undertricks. A change to the scoring of the fourth and subsequent non-vulnerable undertricks, from 200 each to 300 each, was made in 1987 after a hand in the finals of the 1981 Bermuda Bowl. Munir
Briefing, p. 11). Similarly, legal scholars point out that the body lacks investigative powers and the capacity to apply ethical standards to concrete individual cases (M. Martínez Navarro, Le Médiateur européen, p. 239). Nevertheless, because the body requires each participating institution to conduct a public, written self-assessment of its internal rules, experts suggest that the ensuing public scrutiny and institutional peer pressure may induce institutions to align their standards more closely over time (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 13, p. 284; Dionyssis
British abortion team that had carried out the termination of "only a hundred or more pregnancies". The commission also claimed that "approximately 26,000 persons (were) killed during the action by the Pakistan military" Bina D'Costa states that the War Commission was aware of the military's brutality in East Pakistan, but "chose to downplay the scale of the atrocities committed." The second commission was known as Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 Prisoners of War Investigation, conducted solely by the Pakistani government, that
British singer June 13 – 070 Shake, American rapper June 14 – Fujii Kaze, Japanese singer June 15 – Bali Baby, American rapper June 17 - 070 Shake, American rapper and singer June 21 – Rebecca Black, American singer-songwriter, YouTube artist June 22 – Dinah Jane, American singer and member of the girl group Fifth Harmony June 25 Jacquie Lee, American singer, and 2013 The Voice contestant Faye Webster, American singer-songwriter Raylee, Norwegian singer, dancer and actress June 26 Abi
Broadway play ever, incurring approximately $68 million in opening costs. Tickets initially went on sale on 18 October 2017. On 2 August 2017, the original Broadway cast was announced. Each of the principal West End cast members transferred to Broadway, which included Jamie Parker (Harry Potter), Noma Dumezweni (Hermione Granger), Paul Thornley (Ron Weasley), Poppy Miller (Ginny Potter), Alex Price (Draco Malfoy), Sam Clemmett (Albus Potter), and Anthony Boyle (Scorpius Malfoy). The production began previews on 16 March 2018, before
Buffaloes. In 2021, he had 21 receptions for 299 yards, along with 17 kickoff returns for 469 yards and 6 carries for 54 yards. Rice entered the transfer portal on January 1, 2022. He transferred to USC on January 18, 2022. On December 8, 2023, Rice announced that he would forgo his remaining year of college eligibility and enter the 2024 NFL draft. The Los Angeles Chargers selected Rice in the seventh round, 225th overall, of the 2024 NFL draft.
But conservative analysts Jay Bybee and Todd Zywicki say this concern was largely unfounded; there was a "dearth of hard information" on the subject. In more than a century of legislative elections of U.S. senators, only ten cases were contested for allegations of impropriety. Electoral deadlocks were another issue. Because state legislatures were charged with deciding whom to appoint as senators, the system relied on their ability to agree. Some states could not, and thus delayed sending senators to Congress;
But there's nothin' like the [vintage recordings]." Although critics widely referred to Wilson's 2004 version as the Smile album completed, many fans disputed the notion. Bootleggers continued to compile their own versions of the Beach Boys' album. In 2011, The Smile Sessions was released containing an approximation of what the band's finished album might have sounded like, using BWPS as a blueprint. Linett co-produced the compilation with Wilson. According to Sahanaja, Wilson "lobbied hard" for the album's sequence to be
By late 1964, he had relocated to an apartment at 7235 Hollywood Boulevard, where he had begun cultivating a new social circle through music industry connections. Biographer Steven Gaines writes that this period marked Wilson's first independence from familial oversight, allowing friendships without "parental interference". Wilson befriended talent agent Loren Schwartz, whom he met at a Hollywood studio. Through Schwartz, Wilson engaged with literature on philosophy and world religions, sparking his interest in mystical topics. Schwartz also introduced Wilson to
By the time Wilson's condition became public knowledge, only a few months remained in his term and Congressional leaders were disinclined to press the issue. By 1967, the office of vice president had become vacant 16 times when the vice president died, resigned, or succeeded to the presidency. The vacancy created when Andrew Johnson succeeded to the presidency upon Abraham Lincoln's assassination was one of several that encompassed nearly an entire four-year term. In 1868, Johnson was impeached by the
By the time the war came to end, the army soldiers and marines were highly demoralised– both emotionally and psychologically– on the western front and had no will to put up a defensive fight against the approaching Indian Army soldiers. Pakistans head of the army and the military operations during the war, General Abdul Hamid Khan played a central role in directing Pakistan's Western front campaigns. He oversaw the launch of Operation Chengiz Khan, a preemptive strike on Indian airbases,
CA. The Spice Girls become the first act in the history of the UK Top 40 singles charts to have four consecutive number one hits with "Mama"/"Who Do You Think You Are". Profits from the single go to Comic Relief and provide the biggest individual contribution of 1997. March 10 – A Marilyn Manson concert in Columbia, South Carolina is canceled in response to pressure from religious and civic groups. March 11 – Paul McCartney is knighted by Elizabeth II.
CBS Records, whose contract required Wilson to compose most of the material for all subsequent albums. According to Gaines, Wilson was distraught at the prospect. In reference to the sessions for M.I.U. Album (October 1978), Wilson described experiencing a "mental blank-out". He was credited as the album's "executive producer". Around this time, Wilson attempted to produce an album for Pamplin that would have featured the Honeys as backing vocalists. After a disastrous Australian tour in 1978, Wilson regressed and began
CCP controls appointments in government bodies, with most senior government officials being CCP members. The CCP maintains committees in the each level of government. At the local level, the CCP committee of a subdivision and its secretary outranks the local government and its head; CCP committee of a provincial division and its secretary outranks the provincial people's government and the governor while the CCP committee of a city and its secretary outranks the municipal people's government the mayor. The National
Cage, Anthony Edwards, C. Thomas Howell, Tom Cruise, Eric Stoltz and D. B. Sweeney. Ralph Macchio was ultimately cast on the strength of his performance as Johnny Cade in The Outsiders (1983). Macchio has stated that his performance as Johnny influenced the development of Daniel LaRusso in The Karate Kid. Macchio later commented that the character was originally named "Danny Weber", but was later changed to "LaRusso". The studio originally wanted the role of Mr. Miyagi to be played by
Calabresi dressed up as a rich Arab sheik to offer Fico one million euros, Fico admitted the auction was only a provocation. In May 2009, it was reported that 18-year-old Romanian Alina Percea had successfully auctioned her virginity for 10,000 euros to a 45-year-old Italian man, advertising the offer on a German dating site. She reportedly consummated the transaction in Venice, and took a morning-after pill the next day as the sex had been unprotected. She claimed to have been
California pop". Parks stated that "Wilson made music as accessible as a cartoon and yet rewarded repeated listening as much as Bach", also suggesting that Wilson's sensibilities overlapped with those espoused by pop artists of the era. Writing in 2016, The Atlantic's Jason Guriel argued that Wilson's detachment from live performance presaged later producer-musicians like Max Martin. Guriel also credited his work on Pet Sounds with inventing "the modern pop album" and anticipating "the rise of the producer [and] the
Cambridge University Press, ISBN 978-0-521-55184-7 Shubik, Martin (March 2004), The Theory of Money and Financial Institutions: Volume 1, Cambridge, Mass., USA: MIT Press, pp. 213–219, ISBN 978-0-262-69311-0 Weber, Robert J. (1997). "Making more from less: Strategic demand reduction in the FCC spectrum auctions". Journal of Economics & Management Strategy. 6 (3): 529–548. doi:10.1111/j.1430-9134.1997.00529.x. Vickrey, William S. (1961). "Counterspeculation, auctions, and competitive sealed tenders". Journal of Finance. 16 (1): 8–37. Bibcode:1961JFin...16....8V. doi:10.1111/j.1540-6261.1961.tb02789.x. JSTOR 2977633. Hart, Heber Leonidas (1911). "Auctions and Auctioneers"
Campbell for the rest of the tour. Wilson, speaking in 1966, described it as "the first of a series of three breakdowns". When the group resumed recording their next album in January 1965, Wilson declared that he would be withdrawing from future tours. Wilson attributed his decision partly to a "fucked up" jealousy of Spector and the Beatles. Wilson rejoined the live group for one-off occasions throughout 1965. Campbell substituted for him at some shows until February 1965, after which
Canadian actress March 10 – Madeleine Arthur, Canadian actress March 18 – Ciara Bravo, American actress March 28 – Annabelle Davis, English actress April 1 – Asa Butterfield, English actor April 5 – Henry Hunter Hall, American actor April 15 Toheeb Jimoh, English actor Maisie Williams, English actress April 19 - Kaitlyn Santa Juana, Canadian actress and singer April 23 – Alex Ferris, Canadian actor April 25 – Tony Poljan, American Football Player April 26 – Amber Midthunder, American actress
Capital is an annual award given to cities that focuses on the environment, energy efficiency, and quality of life in urban areas to create smart city. In the 2019 elections to the European Parliament, the green parties increased their power, possibly because of the rise of post materialist values. Proposals to reach a zero carbon economy in the European Union by 2050 were suggested in 2018–2019. Almost all member states supported that goal at an EU summit in June 2019.
Capitol Records were persuaded to release the demos as a single, achieving a double-sided national hit. In 1962, Wilson and the Beach Boys signed a seven-year contract with Capitol Records under producer Nick Venet. During sessions for their debut album, Surfin' Safari, Wilson negotiated with Capitol to record the band outside the label's basement studios, which he deemed ill-suited for his group. At Wilson's insistence, Capitol permitted the Beach Boys to fund their own external sessions while retaining all rights
Capt AK Khondkar, chief of the newly formed BAF. As the surrender was accepted silently by Lieutenant-General Aurora, the surrounding crowds on the race course started shouting anti-Pakistan slogans, and there were reports of abuses aimed at the surrendering commanders of Pakistani military. Indian officers and an Indian diplomat, MEA joint secretary for Pakistan AK Ray, had to form a human chain around Lt Gen Niazi to protect him from being lynched. Hostilities officially ended at 14:30 GMT on 17
Carberry, Zhensu Wu, Zhiheng Wang, and Yu Rongguang in supporting roles. The story follows 12-year-old Dre Parker from Detroit, who moves to Beijing, China with his widowed mother Sherry and runs afoul of the neighborhood bully Cheng. He makes an unlikely ally in the form of an ageing maintenance man, Mr. Han, a kung fu master who teaches him the secrets of self-defense. Principal photography of the film took place in Beijing, China, beginning in July 2009 and ending on
Care strategy was approved in order to provide "quality, affordable and accessible care services". The European Social Charter is the main body that recognises the social rights of European citizens. In 2020, the first ever European Union Strategy on LGBTIQ equality was approved under Helena Dalli mandate. In December 2021, the commission announced the intention of codifying a union-wide law against LGBT hate crimes. Since the creation of the European Union in 1993, it has developed its competencies in the
Central Los Angeles, it was the most severely damaged in the riots. The riots have been considered a major turning point in the development of a distinct Korean American identity and community. Korean Americans responded in various ways, including the development of new ethnic agendas and organization and increased political activism. One of the largest armed camps in Los Angeles's Koreatown congregated at the California Market. On the first night after the officers' verdicts were returned, Richard Rhee, the market
Chan would be reprising his role in Karate Kid: Legends. By November of the same year, Chan officially joined the cast alongside Ralph Macchio in their respective roles as Mr. Han and Daniel LaRusso. The studio announced a world-wide open casting call for an actor to star as the film's iteration of the titular character. Jonathan Entwistle directed the film with a script written by Rob Lieber, where the plot involves a teen from China moving to the United States
Chan, and Henson all reprising their roles. Breck Eisner was initially set to direct, but by June 2014, the film had gained new writers and lost Eisner as the director. In April 2017, Eisner returned as director, but in October, Chan stated that the initial script for the film did not work well. In August 2023, it was reported that Chan would be reprising his role in Karate Kid: Legends. By November of the same year, Chan officially joined the
Chiang Kai-shek. The ideological tensions between the U.S. and the People's Republic of China were worsened by the Korean War and The First Taiwan Strait Crisis which saw America engage in battle against China and threaten nuclear attack. The Tibetan Uprising and China's first atomic test in 1964 would further strain US-PRC relations with the predominant American representation of China revolving around aggression, expansionism and extremism. It was only when underlying Sino-Soviet tensions escalated in to the Sino-Soviet border conflict
Chicago Bears. In the final two games of the regular season, Rice recorded four total receiving touchdowns. Rice scored a receiving touchdown in every game he played that season. In total, he scored 22 receiving touchdowns in 12 games, coupled with 1,078 receiving yards from 65 receptions. His touchdown number broke a then-NFL-record previously held by Mark Clayton (18), which Rice officially broke against the Atlanta Falcons in Week 15. The record was broken by Randy Moss in 2007, when
Chief Herald of Ireland was created as successor to the Ulster King of Arms and the arms of Ireland were registered by the Chief Herald of Ireland on 9 November 1945. However, reference to the harp as the arms of the king of Ireland can be found in one of the oldest medieval rolls of arms. The Wijnbergen Roll, a French roll of arms dating from c. 1280 and preserved in The Hague, Netherlands, attributed "D'azure a la harpe d'or"
Child to directly address the characters' sexualities. In July 2016, Warner Bros. applied to purchase the rights to Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, leading to speculation that the stage play was going to become a film, despite earlier claims, most notably from Rowling, that a film adaptation was not being made. In November 2021, Chris Columbus, who previously directed the first two installments of the Harry Potter film series, expressed interest in directing a film adaptation of The Cursed
China The Central People's Government of People's Republic of China Country profile – China at BBC News China. The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. China, People's Republic of (archived 2012) from UCB Libraries GovPubs Google Maps—China Wikimedia Atlas of the People's Republic of China Geographic data related to China at OpenStreetMap
China the fifth country to do so independently. In 2003, China became the third country in the world to independently send humans into space with Yang Liwei's spaceflight aboard Shenzhou 5. As of 2023, eighteen Chinese nationals have journeyed into space, including two women. In 2011, China launched its first space station testbed, Tiangong-1. In 2013, a Chinese robotic rover Yutu successfully touched down on the lunar surface as part of the Chang'e 3 mission. In 2019, China became the
China who maintain their own indigenous religions, while major religions characteristic of specific ethnic groups include Tibetan Buddhism among Tibetans, Mongols and Yugurs, and Islam among the Hui, Uyghur, Kazakh, and Kyrgyz peoples, and other ethnicities in the northern and northwestern regions of the country. Compulsory education in China comprises primary and junior secondary school, which together last for nine years from the age of 6 and 15. The Gaokao, China's national university entrance exam, is a prerequisite for entrance
China's historical views on peace and war, international order and compares it to the United States' approach to foreign policy. The book follows how Sino-Soviet border clashes forced China to consider building a relationship with the United States. Kissinger records his own experiences in coordinating the 1972 Nixon visit, including authentic accounts on the nature of Mao Zedong and personality of Zhou Enlai. The final part of the book looks to the future of Sino-American relations, critiquing the areas which
China's permanent representative to the United Nations, later that evening. The Chinese did not respond to this encouragement, because unlike the 1962 Sino-Indian War, when India was caught entirely unaware, this time the Indian Army was prepared and had deployed eight mountain divisions to the Sino-Indian border to guard against such an eventuality. China instead threw its weight behind demands for an immediate ceasefire. When Bangladesh applied for membership to the United Nations in 1972, China vetoed its application because
China, and the martial art changed (despite the film's title) from karate to kung fu. The announcement of the sixth film, Karate Kid: Legends (2025), with Chan and original star Ralph Macchio reprising their roles, retconned the film, placing it in the same fictional universe of the original films. 12-year-old Dre Parker and his widowed mother Sherry Parker move from Detroit to Beijing, after she gets a job transfer at a car factory. Dre meets young violinist Meiying, and immediately
China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a country in East Asia. It is the second-most populous country after India, with a population exceeding 1.4 billion, representing 17% of the world's population. China borders fourteen countries by land across an area of 9.6 million square kilometers (3,700,000 sq mi), making it the third-largest country by area. The country is divided into 33 province-level divisions: 22 provinces, 5 autonomous regions, 4 municipalities, and 2 semi-autonomous special administrative regions. Beijing
Chinese cuisine is known for its breadth of cooking methods and ingredients. China's staple food is rice in the northeast and south, and wheat-based breads and noodles in the north. Bean products such as tofu and soy milk remain a popular source of protein. Pork is now the most popular meat in China, accounting for about 60% of the country's total meat consumption. Pork-free Chinese Islamic cuisine is served at halal-certified restaurants in various regions while vegetarian Buddhist cuisine is
Chipping Norton. Two hundred parking spaces already used for hosting the Cornbury Music Festival on the same site would be used to accommodate 350 guests per week, plus 80 members of staff. The time window allowed for the series 2 filming was between October and December 2017. For the third series, the tent was allowed to remain at the Great Tew Estate, with filming taking place between October and December 2018. Filming for the fourth series began in June 2019.
Christian Science Monitor retrospective and interviews with victims and participants. "Charting the Hours of Chaos". Los Angeles Times. April 29, 2002. The Untold Story of the LA Riot, David Whitman, U.S. News & World Report, May 23, 1993, with special emphasis on the riot's first day Urban Voyeur – Black and White photographs taken during the riots. CBS News Special Report: Beyond the Rage (aired on May 1, 1992) Los Angeles – A City Under Fire Part 1 (news clips
Cinco de Mayo (Mexican Spanish: [ˈsiŋko ðe ˈmaʝo]; Spanish for 'Fifth of May') is an annual celebration held on May 5 to celebrate Mexico's victory over the Second French Empire at the Battle of Puebla in 1862, led by General Ignacio Zaragoza. Zaragoza died months after the battle from an illness, however, and a larger French force ultimately defeated the Mexican army at the Second Battle of Puebla and then occupied Mexico City. Following the end of the American Civil
City, the French army encountered heavy resistance from the Mexicans close to Puebla, at the Mexican forts of Loreto and Guadalupe. The French army of 6,500–8,000 attacked the poorly equipped Mexican army of 4,000. On May 5, 1862, the Mexicans decisively defeated the French army. The victory represented a significant morale boost to the Mexican army and the Mexican people at large and helped to establish a sense of national unity and patriotism. The Mexican victory, however, was short-lived. A
City: Andrews McMeel Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7407-7342-6. Hall, Derek (2016). The ultimate guide to dog breeds: a useful means of identifying the dog breeds of the world and how to care for them. New York: Chartwell Books. ISBN 978-0-7858-3441-0. Hancock, David (2012). Sighthounds: their form, their function and their future. Ramsbury, Wiltshire: The Crowood Press. ISBN 978-1-84797-392-4. HarperCollins (2020), Collins Dictionary, HarperCollins Publishers L.L.C. Hochberg, Ilene (2007). Dogs by Design: How to Find the Right Mixed Breed for You. New York:
Civil War ended in 1949. In 1931, Japan invaded and occupied Manchuria. Japan invaded other parts of China in 1937, precipitating the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), a theater of World War II. The war forced an uneasy alliance between the Kuomintang and the CCP. Japanese forces committed numerous war atrocities against the civilian population; as many as 20 million Chinese civilians died. An estimated 40,000 to over 300,000 Chinese were massacred in Nanjing alone during the Japanese occupation. The Republic
Claire Foy as Queen Elizabeth II Matt Smith as Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, Elizabeth's husband Vanessa Kirby as Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, Elizabeth's younger sister Jeremy Northam as Prime Minister Anthony Eden Anton Lesser as Harold Macmillan, Anthony Eden's successor as Prime Minister Greg Wise as Lord Mountbatten, Philip's ambitious uncle and great-grandson of Queen Victoria Victoria Hamilton as Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother, King George VI's widow and Elizabeth's mother Matthew Goode as Antony Armstrong-Jones, a society
Classic Illustrated Storybook was published by Quirk Books under their Pop Classics series. It retold the events of the first film with art by Kim Smith. In 2015, toy company Funko revived The Karate Kid action figures. Two versions of LaRusso, a version of Lawrence and a version of Miyagi were part of the line. The toys were spotted at retailers Target and Amazon.com. The series has been credited for popularizing karate in the United States. The American experimental rock
Climate Change is adopted in New York. The Westray Mine in Plymouth, Nova Scotia, Canada, explodes, killing all 26 miners working the night shift. May 10 – Sweden wins the Ice Hockey World Championships in Czechoslovakia defeating Finland, 5–2, in the final game in Prague. May 13 – Falun Gong is introduced by Li Hongzhi in China. May 15 – The Collective Security Treaty Organization is established by six post-Soviet states belonging to the Commonwealth of Independent States (effective April
Club of America (CTCA) allows for three different but equally favorable colorings: white, black-and-white, and tri-color, including "honey bear". White is described as nearly all white, sometimes with tan or champagne coloring on the ears, face, or back. Black-and-white is defined as pure white with prominent black patches on the head and body (no white-to-black ratio is specified or favored). Tri-color is described as mostly white with some brown markings and dustings of black on the body and head. A
Club recognition. The Coton de Tuléar entered the American Kennel Club Foundation Stock Service (their first step in breed recognition) in 1996 and became a fully recognized breed on July 1, 2014. The American Kennel Club Parent Club for the breed in the United States of America Coton de Tuléar Club. The terms "Malagasy Coton" and "European Coton" refer to variations within the Coton de Tulear breed, primarily differing in breed standards and the size of the dog populations. Malagasy
Cobra Kai commented on this episode stating that they "appreciate the parallel fandoms that this show has, whether it's the How I Met Your Mother storyline -- which was amazing -- we get asked all the time about that YouTube video if Daniel was the real bully...all that stuff just kind of buoyed us a little bit when we were conceiving the show and comparing the storylines to pitch the show because it made us feel confident that we weren't
Cobra Kai is an American martial arts comedy drama television series created by Josh Heald, Jon Hurwitz, and Hayden Schlossberg, and distributed by Sony Pictures Television. It serves as a sequel to the first three The Karate Kid films created by Robert Mark Kamen. Cobra Kai premiered on May 2, 2018, and concluded on February 13, 2025, after six seasons consisting of 65 episodes. Originally released on YouTube Red / YouTube Premium for its first two seasons, the series later
College of Arms, was succeeded by an independent Ulster King of Arms, and an Athlone Pursuivant, in 1552, which despite its name had jurisdiction for arms over all of Ireland. In 1943, the Ulster King of Arms was merged with the Norroy King of Arms in England to form the Norroy and Ulster King of Arms. The office of the Chief Herald of Ireland was created as successor to the Ulster King of Arms and the arms of Ireland were
Comilla and Sylhet, but the results were mixed. Pakistani authorities concluded that they had successfully contained the Monsoon Offensive, which proved a near-accurate observation. Guerrilla operations, which slackened during the training phase, picked up after August. Economic and military targets in Dacca were attacked. The major success story was Operation Jackpot, in which naval commandos mined and blew up berthed ships in Chittagong, Mongla, Narayanganj and Chandpur on 15 August 1971. Bangladeshi conventional forces attacked border outposts. Kamalpur, Belonia and
Commerce (MoCom) has been in direct contact with the US Department of Agriculture to resolve the issue through diplomatic channels. On 16 March 2020, Pakistan closed its border with Afghanistan and Iran due to the escalating COVID-19 pandemic in South Asia and Western Asia. In combination with the ongoing U.S. sanctions against Iran, the trade between the two countries especially for agricultural products was negatively affected. By July 2020 however, the borders were re-opened for a limited amount of traffic
Commission of Inquiry – 1971 War as Declassified by The Government of Pakistan, Volume-I: Supplementary Report – Top secret, PART III – MILITARY ASPECT, CHAPTER VI. Hamood-ur-Rehman Commission Report, The Report of the Commission of Inquiry – 1971 War as Declassified by The Government of Pakistan, Volume-I: Supplementary Report – Top secret, PART IV – SURRENDER IN EAST PAKISTAN, CHAPTER II – Alleged atrocities by the Pakistan Army. Hamood-ur-Rehman Commission Report, The Report of the Commission of Inquiry – 1971
Commission's proposals. 705 members of the European Parliament (MEPs) are directly elected by EU citizens every five years on the basis of proportional representation. MEPs are elected on a national basis and they sit according to political groups rather than their nationality. Each country has a set number of seats and is divided into sub-national constituencies where this does not affect the proportional nature of the voting system. In the ordinary legislative procedure, the European Commission proposes legislation, which requires
Committee of the Red Cross, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Oxfam and Kolkata University Shahayak Samiti. The list of foreign friends of Bangladesh has since been extended to 568 people. It includes 257 Indians, 88 Americans, 41 Pakistanis, 39 Britons, 9 Russians, 18 Nepalese, 16 French and 18 Japanese. Ora Egaro Jon (The Magnificent Eleven), a 1972 Dhallywood war film directed by Chashi Nazrul Islam, featuring real Indian Army and Pakistani Army personnel. This was the first ever feature
Companies that employ workers with a union generally operate on one of several models: A closed shop (US) or a "pre-entry closed shop" (UK) employs only people who are already union members. The compulsory hiring hall is an example of a closed shop—in this case the employer must recruit directly from the union, as well as the employee working strictly for unionized employers. A union shop (US) or a "post-entry closed shop" (UK) employs non-union workers as well but sets
Compass adopted in 2022 reaffirmed the bloc's partnership with NATO, committed to increased military mobility and formation of a 5,000-strong EU Rapid Deployment Capacity Since the withdrawal of the United Kingdom, France is the only member officially recognised as a nuclear weapon state and the sole holder of a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council. France and Italy are also the only EU countries that have power projection capabilities outside of Europe. Italy, Germany, the Netherlands and Belgium
Component of a bid that denotes the proposed trump suit or notrump. Thus, there are five denominations – notrump, spades, hearts, diamonds and clubs. The Laws of Contract Bridge (American edition) and Laws of Duplicate Bridge use the term denomination exclusively but "the modern term is strain" according to the sixth edition of The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge. DEPO Acronym for Double Even, Pass Odd. Conventional method for bidding over interference with Blackwood. Deschapelles coup On defense, the lead of
Computer". Acknowledging the "issues of authenticity that arise out of this 'reconstruction'", he added, "as someone with a small collection of Smile(s) — and thus with one eyebrow sharply raised — I'm amazed how easy it is to believe that this is, perhaps, the genuine Smile." In the same Guardian feature, tentative or negative remarks were given by music critic Paul Morley, novelist Ian Rankin, and Rough Trade Records founder Geoff Travis." Morley felt that BWPS represented "a breathtaking example
Conference was held in 1955, ordering the Spaak report, which in 1956 recommended the next significant steps of European integration. In 1957, Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and West Germany signed the Treaty of Rome, which created the European Economic Community (EEC) and established a customs union. They also signed another pact creating the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) for cooperation in developing nuclear power. Both treaties came into force in 1958. Although the EEC and Euratom were created
Conrad of IGN and Joe Rybicki of Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine noted some appeal for older adventure fans, but Mark MacDonald of Electronic Gaming Monthly (EGM), Matt Helgeson of Game Informer, and Gerald Villoria of GameSpot explicitly called it a children's title, with simplistic mechanics and a short duration (around seven hours, per EGM's Crispin Boyer) limiting broader appeal. Sean Miller of The Electric Playground argued it would fail to satisfy either young or older audiences due to its flaws.
Contingent Pakistanis in Iran Asia Times on Iran-Pakistan relations Schoresch Davoodi & Adama Sow: The Political Crisis of Pakistan in 2007 – EPU Research Papers: Issue 08/07, Stadtschlaining 2007 – Research Paper which also describes the relations between Pakistan and Iran Why Pakistan is coming down hard on Iran, TRT World Pakistan, Iran to boost cooperation in power sector, Dawn News Pattanayak, Dr Satyanarayan: Iran's Relations with Pakistan: A Strategic Analysis – USI Research Book, May 2012 – A well-researched
Continues, a video game based on the series, was released for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on October 27, 2020, and for Microsoft Windows on January 5, 2021. A mobile game titled Cobra Kai: Card Fighter was released on March 19, 2021, on Android and iOS devices. A sequel to Cobra Kai: The Karate Kid Saga Continues developed by Flux Games and published by GameMill Entertainment titled Cobra Kai 2: Dojos Rising was released on November 8, 2022,
Contract bridge, or simply bridge, is a trick-taking card game using a standard 52-card deck. In its basic format, it is played by four players in two competing partnerships, with partners sitting opposite each other around a table. The game consists of a number of deals, each progressing through four phases. The cards are dealt to the players; then the players call (or bid) in an auction seeking to take the contract, specifying how many tricks the partnership receiving the
Contrast USBF. Acol An approach–forcing, natural bidding system, based on a weak NT and 4-card majors, popular in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. Active An approach to defending a hand that emphasizes quickly setting up winners and taking tricks. Contrast Passive. An approach to competitive bidding that emphasizes frequent interference with opponents' bidding sequences. Adjusted score In duplicate bridge, a score awarded by the Director (when empowered by the Laws) in order to redress damage to a non-offending side
Conyers. Various exterior shots were also filmed in parts of Los Angeles, California, such as Tarzana and Encino. Exterior locations included Golf N' Stuff in Norwalk and the South Seas Apartments in Reseda, both of which were originally featured in The Karate Kid. Principal photography for the second season began in September 2018 in Atlanta. In October, production continued around Atlanta with shooting also occurring in Marietta. In November, the series was filming in Union City. In December, shooting transpired
Cooper Kupp (2021), and Ja'Marr Chase (2024) have managed the feat since. He was named to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. Rice's efforts helped San Francisco finish the year with an NFL-best 14–2 record. During the Divisional Round against the Redskins, Rice had six receptions for 68 yards and a touchdown in the 28–10 victory. Montana injured his elbow in the NFC Championship against the New York Giants, ending with the 49ers losing 15–13, failing to repeat as
Cooperation Council that was formed in 1981, around 40,000 personnel of the Pakistan Armed Forces were stationed in Saudi Arabia to reinforce the internal and external security of the region. The killing of Shi'a pilgrims in the 1987 Mecca incident in Saudi Arabia had met with widespread disturbances and condemnation throughout Pakistan, but Zia-ul-Haq remained firmly neutral and strongly issued orders against engaging any involved parties to Pakistani military personnel stationed in the Gulf. Many U.S.-built Stingers as well as
Corps). Soon after the war had started, the United States had imposed an embargo on military aid to both India and Pakistan. This embargo did not affect the Indian Army but produced major changes in the Pakistan Army's technical composition. US Secretary of State Dean Rusk well summed it up when he said, "Well if you are going to fight, go ahead and fight, but we're not going to pay for it". Pakistan now turned to China for military aid,
Corridor, the Rhine–Alpine Corridor, the Atlantic Corridor, the North Sea–Mediterranean Corridor, and the Rhine–Danube Corridor. Road transportation was organised under the TEN-T by the Trans-European road network. Bundesautobahn 7 is the longest national motorway in the EU at 963 km (598 mi). Maritime transportation is organised under the TEN-T by the Trans-European Inland Waterway network, and the Trans-European Seaport network. European seaports are categorised as international, community, or regional. The Port of Rotterdam is the busiest in the EU, and
Council and its incapacitation, an event marking the beginning of the Cold War. The year 1948 marked the beginning of the institutionalised modern European integration. In March 1948 the Treaty of Brussels was signed, establishing the Western Union (WU), followed by the International Authority for the Ruhr. Furthermore, the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation (OEEC), the predecessor of the OECD, was also founded in 1948 to manage the Marshall Plan, which led to the Soviets creating Comecon in response. The
Cramer, pianist, 64 1997 Country Music Association Awards Eurovision Song Contest 1997: won by Katrina and the Waves (UK) with the song "Love Shine a Light". Gospel Music Hall of Fame: Inductees include Gloria Gaither, and Billy Ray Hearn (founder of Myrrh Records). Grammy Awards of 1997 Mercury Music Prize: Awarded to Roni Size/Reprazent for the album New Forms. 1997 MTV Video Music Awards Rock and Roll Hall of Fame: The following artists are inducted: The (Young) Rascals; the Bee
Crisis of Civil Society: From the Watts Riots to Rodney King, Cambridge University Press, 2000. Los Angeles Times, Understanding the Riots: Los Angeles Before and After the Rodney King Case, Los Angeles: Los Angeles Times, 1992. Song Hyoung, Min, Strange Future: Pessimism and the 1992 Los Angeles Riots, Durham: Duke University Press, 2005. Wall, Brenda, The Rodney King Rebellion: A Psychopolitical Analysis of Racial Despair and Hope, Chicago: African American Images, 1992. Webster Commission, The City in Crisis' A Report
Crisis, 1968–1971, Wajidalis, Lahore, Pakistan, 1994. Salik, Siddiq: Witness to surrender, Oxford University Press, Karachi, Pakistan, 1977. Official profile at Pakistan Army website Archived 7 May 2017 at the Wayback Machine Tikka Khan Passes Away—DAWN Article mentioning General Tikka Khan's tenure as Chief of Army Staff (1972–1976), A.R. Siddiqui, Dawn, 14 September 2003. Hamood-ur-Rehman Commission Report, The Report of the Commission of Inquiry – 1971 War as Declassified by The Government of Pakistan, Volume-I: Supplementary Report – Top secret, PART
Crowood Press Ltd. ISBN 978-1-84797-808-0. Hancock, David (2013). Gundogs: Their Past, their Performance and their Prospects. Ramsbury, Marlborough: The Crowood Press Ltd. ISBN 978-1-84797-492-1. Hancock, David (2014b). Hounds: Hunting by Scent. Ramsbury, Marlborough: The Crowood Press Ltd. ISBN 978-1-84797-601-7. Hancock, David (1984). Old Working Dogs. Botley, Oxfordshire: Shire Publications Ltd. ISBN 0-85263-678-4. Hancock, David (2012). Sighthounds: Their Form, their Function and their Future. Ramsbury, Marlborough: The Crowood Press Ltd. ISBN 978-1-84797-392-4. Hancock, David (2011). Sporting Terriers: Their Form, their Function
Culture. University of Illinois Press. See chapter 3, "Sacred Harp singing". McKenzie, Wallace (1989). "The Alto Parts in the 'True Dispersed Harmony' of The Sacred Harp Revisions". The Musical Quarterly. 73 (73): 153–171. doi:10.1093/mq/73.2.153. Miller, Kiri (Winter 2004). "'First Sing the Notes': Oral and Written Traditions in Sacred Harp Transmission". American Music. 22 (4): 475–501. doi:10.2307/3592990. JSTOR 3592990. Temperley, Nicholas (1983). The Music of the English Parish Church. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-27457-9. Boyd, Joe Dan (2002) Judge Jackson and
Cursed Child closed on 11 September 2022, following 393 performances. On 5 July 2018, it was announced that the play would make its German premiere at the Mehr! Theater in Hamburg. Titled Harry Potter und das verwunschene Kind ("Harry Potter and the enchanted child"), this marked the first non-English production of the play. The two-part play was originally scheduled to open on 13 March 2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Pre-sale tickets for the play began on
Cursed Child has received mostly positive reviews from critics for its performances, story, illusions, and stage wizardry, though reception from the Harry Potter fandom was more polarized. The original West End production premiered at the Palace Theatre on 7 June 2016. It received a record-breaking eleven nominations and won another record-breaking nine awards, including Best New Play, at the 2017 Laurence Olivier Awards. A Broadway production opened at the Lyric Theatre on 22 April 2018. That production received ten nominations
Daniel's wife Amanda. Ed Asner was cast in a guest role as Johnny's wealthy, verbally abusive step-father, Sid Weinberg. Vanessa Rubio joined the cast as Miguel's mother Carmen. In season two, Macchio, Zabka, Maridueña, Mouser, Buchanan, and Henggeler all returned, with Jacob Bertrand, Gianni DeCenzo, and Kove being promoted to series regulars, and newcomers Paul Walter Hauser and Peyton List joining the cast. The Karate Kid actors Heller, Rob Garrison (Tommy), Ron Thomas (Bobby), and Tony O'Dell (Jimmy) made guest
David Sandler collaborated on Spring, the first album by Marilyn Wilson and Diane Rovell's new group, American Spring. As with much of his work in this period, the extent of his contributions varied, but it was his most involved production effort since Friends in 1968. During the recording of Carl and the Passions (April 1972), Wilson rarely left his bedroom and his unavailability was such that his image had to be superimposed into the group portrait included in the record
December 1 – South Korea and South Africa reestablish diplomatic relations. South Korea previously had diplomatic relations with South Africa from 1961 to 1978, when they were severed by the former due to the latter's policy of apartheid. December 3 – UN Security Council Resolution 794 is unanimously passed, approving a coalition of United Nations peacekeepers led by the United States to form UNITAF, tasked with ensuring that humanitarian aid gets distributed and establishing peace in Somalia. December 4 –
December 1970, with Judge Abdus Sattar appointed as Chief Election Commissioner of the Election Commission of Pakistan. On 7 December, the general elections were held all over the country. In East Pakistan, the Awami League, led by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, held almost all seats but no seat in any of four provinces of West Pakistan. The socialist Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) had won the exclusive mandate in four provinces of West Pakistan but none in East Pakistan. The Pakistan Muslim
December 2019. The first non-English production opened at the Mehr! Theater in Hamburg, Germany, on 5 December 2021. A Canadian production opened at the Ed Mirvish Theatre in Toronto, on 19 June 2022. A Japanese production opened at the TBS Akasaka ACT Theater on 8 July 2022. A North American Tour began in September 2024 in Chicago's James M. Nederlander Theatre. The Tour also included shows in Los Angeles and Washington, D.C. Across all its productions worldwide, Harry Potter and
December 27 – Vachirawit Chivaaree "Bright", Thai actor December 29 – Kiera Allen, American actress List of 1997 films at IMDb 1997 Domestic Grosses at Box Office Mojo List of 1997 deaths at IMDb List of 1997 births at IMDb
Declarer plays low from the table, and East scores the ♦Q. Not having anything better to do, East returns the remaining trump, taken in South's hand. The trumps now accounted for, South can now execute the finesse, perhaps trapping the king as planned. South enters the dummy (i.e. wins a trick in the dummy's hand) by leading a low diamond, using dummy's ♦A to win the trick, and leads the ♣Q from dummy to the next trick. East covers the
Declarer's hand (as distinct from the dummy, which is faced or open). Closed room In a team match, a room where two of the pairs compete, and in which spectators are not allowed. Coffeehousing Making improper remarks to mislead the opponents, or asking improper questions designed to suggest a defensive play. Cold A contract that a player cannot fail to make, even against the best defense on any lie of the cards, is cold. Colors first A bidding approach where
Democratic Arkansas governor Bill Clinton defeats Republican president George H. W. Bush and Independent Ross Perot. November 8 – More than 350,000 people rally in Berlin to protest right-wing violence against immigrants; stones and eggs are thrown at President of Germany Richard von Weizsäcker and Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl. November 11 – The Church of England votes to allow women to become priests. November 13 The government of Peru announces it has arrested a small group of army officers
Democratic Party with a few exceptions. For example, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters has supported Republican Party candidates on a number of occasions and the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization (PATCO) endorsed Ronald Reagan in 1980. In the United Kingdom, the trade union movement's relationship with the Labour Party frayed as the party leadership embarked on privatization plans at odds with what unions see as the worker's interests. However, it strengthened after the Labour party's election of Ed Miliband, who
Democrats held their stronghold in the South and offset net Republican gains in the Northeast by picking up new seats in New Mexico, Utah and Wyoming, retaining control of the Senate. Similarly, Bybee believes the Republican Revolution of 1994 would not have happened without direct election of Senators; instead, the Democrats would have controlled 70 seats in the Senate to the Republicans' 30. The reputation of corrupt and arbitrary state legislatures continued to decline as the Senate joined the House
Deng Xiaoping took power in 1978, and started the reform and opening up, instituting large-scale political and economic reforms to transition away from planned economy. China adopted its current constitution on 4 December 1982. In 1989, there were protests such those in Tiananmen Square, and then throughout the entire nation. Jiang Zemin was elevated to become the CCP general secretary, becoming the paramount leader. China's economy grew sevenfold during Jiang's tenure. British Hong Kong and Portuguese Macau returned to China
Dennis occasionally provided him with McDonald's hamburgers and cocaine. Jon Stebbins's biography of Dennis describes clandestine recording sessions between the brothers, which were hidden due to efforts by "certain members of the Beach Boys clan" to keep them apart. Discovering their collaboration often led to a halt in the proceedings. Bootlegged tapes of the brothers' collaborations—produced in 1980 and 1981 at the Venice Beach home studio of musicologist and film executive Garby Leon—later became known among fans as the "cocaine
Denniston Oliver "D. J." Moore Jr. (born April 14, 1997) is an American professional football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Maryland Terrapins and was selected by the Carolina Panthers in the first round of the 2018 NFL draft. Moore attended Imhotep Institute Charter High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he played high school football. Moore is of Jamaican descent through his father. He committed to the University
Denny's aid, placing him back in his truck, in which one of the rescuers drove him to the hospital. Denny suffered a fractured skull and impairment of his speech and ability to walk, and underwent years of rehabilitative therapy. After unsuccessfully suing the City of Los Angeles, Denny moved to Arizona, where he worked as an independent boat mechanic and has mostly avoided media contact. Around 7:40 p.m., almost an hour after Denny was rescued, another beating was filmed on
Denson books followed Cooper in adding alto parts to most of the old three-part songs (these alto parts led to an unsuccessful lawsuit by Cooper). Some people (see for instance the reference by Buell Cobb given below) believe that the new alto parts imposed an esthetic cost by filling in the former stark open harmonies of the three-part songs. Wallace McKenzie argues to the contrary, basing his view on a systematic study of representative songs. In any event, there is
Despite the term steal, deception is entirely legal if it does not involve unauthorized information or concealment of information to which the opponents are entitled. Step In the bidding, the space between one bid and the next highest. See Useful Space Principle. Step bid A bid that conveys information on the basis of the number of steps it uses. Stolen bid A bid that has no correlation to the bidder's hand, aiming to disturb conventions. Stepping-stone squeeze A squeeze that
Detroit to Beijing, after she gets a job transfer at a car factory. Dre meets young violinist Meiying, and immediately becomes infatuated with her. However, Cheng, a rebellious 14-year-old kung fu prodigy whose family is close to Meiying's, keeps them apart by constantly attacking, teasing, and antagonizing Dre. After a field trip to the Forbidden City, Dre throws a bucket of dirty water over Cheng and his gang as revenge for Cheng's rebellious behavior to him, causing them to chase
Dhaka on 16 December 1971, leading to the creation of the independent state of Bangladesh. When the news of Pakistan's surrender was broadcast by West Pakistani media, the spontaneous and overwhelming public anger over the nation's defeat by Bangladeshi rebels and the Indian Army, and over the breakup of Pakistan into two parts, boiled into street demonstrations throughout Pakistan. Rumors of an impending coup d'état by junior military officers against President Yahya Khan swept the country. To forestall further unrest,
Dictionary as "lacking any supporting evidence." The OED says that, "more or less satisfactory reasons may be conjectured: e.g., that the instrument was actually made, sold, or imported to England by Jewish people, or purported to be so; or that it was attributed to Jewish people, suggesting the trumps and harps mentioned in the Bible, and hence considered a good commercial name." Although the OED states that "the association of the instrument with Jewish people occurs, so far as is
Different legislative procedures are used within the same category of competence, and even with the same policy area. The distribution of competences in various policy areas between member states and the union is divided into the following three categories: The European Union has seven principal decision-making bodies, its institutions: the European Parliament, the European Council, the Council of the European Union, the European Commission, the Court of Justice of the European Union, the European Central Bank and the European Court
Divisions" were raised by the beginning of 1968. Two more corps headquarters: the 2 Corps Headquarters (Jhelum-Ravi Corridor) and the 4 Corps Headquarters (Ravi-Sutlej Corridor) were raised, also in East Pakistan a corps-sized formation (which was titled as the Eastern Command) was created. A sustained anti-regime mass movement began in the fall of 1968 in West Pakistan. The uprising spread to East Pakistan and gathered strength, adding to a tense political climate that had worsened following President Ayub Khan's implementation
Dog. Irvine, CA: Bow Tie Press. ISBN 1-931993-34-3. Morris, Desmond (2001). Dogs: The Ultimate Dictionary of over 1,000 Dog Breeds. North Pomfret, VT: Trafalgar Square Publishing. ISBN 1-57076-219-8. Soman, W.V. (1962). The Indian Dog. Mumbai: Popular Prakashan. Taefehshokr, Sina; Key, Yashar; Maleki, Mehrdad (2014). "Survey on Iran's breeds of dogs". Journal of Veterinary Medicine (in Persian) (21). Tabriz: Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Islamic Azad University. Retrieved 20 May 2020.
During June and July, Mukti Bahini regrouped across the border with Indian aid through Operation Jackpot and began sending 2,000–5,000 guerrillas across the border, the so-called Monsoon Offensive, which for various reasons (lack of proper training, supply shortage, lack of a proper support network inside Bangladesh) failed to achieve its objectives. Bengali regular forces also attacked border outposts in Mymensingh, Comilla and Sylhet, but the results were mixed. Pakistani authorities concluded that they had successfully contained the Monsoon Offensive, which
Dylan and the Beatles, for establishing a creative standard that "enabled psychedelic artists to expand their sonic and compositional boundaries", yielding "entirely new" sounds and tone colors. In an editorial piece on sunshine pop, The A.V. Club's Noel Murray recognized Wilson as among "studio rats [that] set the pace for how pop music could and should sound in the Flower Power era: at once starry-eyed and wistful". His work with the Beach Boys, especially on Pet Sounds, "Good Vibrations" and
E. Hayes-Bautista – El Cinco de Mayo: Made in California" – via YouTube. Robert C. Hamilton, MD (February 24, 2023). "The Hamilton Review Ep. 197: Dr. David E. Hayes-Bautista on Latino History and Culture in California" – via YouTube. History Channel (May 5, 2025). "Cinco de Mayo's Civil War Connection". HISTORY This Week Podcast – via YouTube. Cinco De Mayo Videos on The History Channel
EU came from imports (mostly of fossil fuels). Renewable energy contributed 18.1 per cent of the EU's total energy supply in 2019, and 11.1 per cent of the final energy consumption. The EU has had legislative power in the area of energy policy for most of its existence; this has its roots in the original European Coal and Steel Community. The introduction of a mandatory and comprehensive European energy policy was approved at the meeting of the European Council in
EU institutions are passed in a variety of forms. Generally speaking, they can be classified into two groups: those which come into force without the necessity for national implementation measures (regulations) and those which specifically require national implementation measures (directives). EU policy is in general promulgated by EU directives, which are then implemented in the domestic legislation of its member states, and EU regulations, which are immediately enforceable in all member states. Lobbying at the EU level by special interest
EU is reluctant to intervene in domestic politics, gives authoritarian governments funds which they can use to strengthen their regimes, and because freedom of movement within the EU allows dissenting citizens to leave their backsliding countries. At the same time, the union might provide through Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union an external constraint that prevents electoral autocracies, currently Hungary, from progressing into closed autocracies. Three member states have permanent opt-outs from certain aspects of the union: Denmark
Each deal is scored as in rubber bridge but with some variations in methodology. The result of each deal by each partnership is compared to all other results for the same deal by all other partnerships. In duplicate scoring, the score for each deal is independent from all others and is a single number resulting from the addition of points awarded in the two cases, the contract is successful or the contract is defeated. When the contract is successful, the
East Asia and Southeast Asia. For much of the country's dynastic era, opportunities for social advancement could be provided by high performance in the prestigious imperial examinations, which have their origins in the Han dynasty. The literary emphasis of the exams affected the general perception of cultural refinement in China, such as the belief that calligraphy, poetry and painting were higher forms of art than dancing or drama. Chinese culture has long emphasized a sense of deep history and a
East Pakistan had the larger population, West Pakistan dominated the divided country politically and received more money from the common budget. East Pakistan was already economically disadvantaged at the time of Pakistan's creation yet this economic disparity only increased under Pakistani rule. Factors included not only the deliberate state discrimination in developmental policies but also the fact that the presence of the country's capital and more immigrant businessmen in the Western Wing directed greater government allocations there. Due to low
East Pakistan ports, cutting off any escape routes for the stranded Pakistani soldiers. The nascent Bangladesh Navy (comprising officers and sailors who defected from the Pakistani Navy) aided the Indians in the marine warfare, carrying out attacks, most notably Operation Jackpot. On 16 December 1971, Lt. Gen Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi, Chief Martial Law Administrator of East Pakistan and commander of Pakistan Army forces in East Pakistan signed the Instrument of Surrender. At the time of surrender only a few
East Pakistan. On 28 April 1971, the Union cabinet ordered the Chief of the Army Staff General Sam Manekshaw to "Go into East Pakistan". East Pakistan military officer defectors and elements of the Indian Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) immediately started using the Indian refugee camps for the recruitment and training of Mukti Bahini guerrillas. By November 1971, the Indian military fired artillery at Pakistani troops and even made several incursions into Pakistani territory. The Indian authorities also attempted to
East, West; or first, second, third, fourth. Positional squeeze A squeeze that can succeed against only a specific opponent, because at least one threat must lie over its guard. Compare with Automatic squeeze. Positive response A bid that announces the possession of at least minimum values. Often said of a response to a forcing opening bid. Contrast Negative response. Post mortem (Slang) A discussion of a hand, and the nature of the result, after the play has concluded. Powerhouse An
Eastern Bloc. They were founding members of the anti-communist alliance CENTO. Iran aided Pakistan in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 and Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, and backed Pakistan in the Bangladesh Liberation War and Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, but Iran's moderate approach in relations with India ran in contradiction with Pakistan's hawkish approach. Both countries shared a common animosity towards Baloch separatists and cooperated in the 1970s Balochistan operation. Following the Iranian Revolution (1978–1979), which overthrew the Pahlavi dynasty, Pakistan
Eastern European member states after the collapse of the USSR. Scholar Thomas Risse wrote in 2009, "there is a consensus in the literature on Eastern Europe that the EU membership perspective had a huge anchoring effects for the new democracies." However, R. Daniel Kelemen argues that the EU has proved beneficial to leaders who are overseeing democratic backsliding, as the EU is reluctant to intervene in domestic politics, gives authoritarian governments funds which they can use to strengthen their regimes,
Eau de cologne (Slang, chiefly British) A hand with 7–4–1–1 distribution, from the cologne brand 4711. EBL European Bridge League, the sport governing body for contract bridge in Europe, and the sponsoring organisation for many bridge competitions there. EBU English Bridge Union, the official organising body of bridge in England. Echo The play of first the higher, then the lower of two cards of the same suit on separate tricks to encourage or, by prior agreement, to discourage (see upside-down
Economic Corridor. Lufthansa is served from Tehran Airport and a number of Pakistanis travel over to take it for business travel to the EU. Germany provides the only Western airline in Iran and the United Kingdom provides the only Western airline in Pakistan. Momentum of improvement of economic and political relationships between Iran and Pakistan has created a wave of bilateral agreements between Iranian and Pakistan authorities. Techno-entrepreneurship is the highly trending topic of discussion in the global development and
Egyptian Islamic Group announces a cessation-of-violence initiative. July 8 – NATO invites the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland to join the alliance in 1999. July 10 – In London, scientists report their DNA analysis findings from a Neanderthal skeleton, which support the out of Africa theory of human evolution, placing an "African Eve" at 100,000 to 200,000 years ago. July 11 – Royal Jomtien Resort Hotel fire at Pattaya, Thailand's worst hotel fire, kills 90. July 13 – The remains
El-Oh-El). A facetious reference to a seemingly weak player. Long cards Cards of the same suit, remaining in one hand, after all the other cards in that suit have been played from the other hands. Long hand In a partnership, the hand with the longer trumps. Long suit 1) In a hand, the suit with the greatest number of cards. Seldom used of a suit with fewer than five cards. 2) Any suit of unusual length. 3) Any suit of
Electric and Honeywell) which had already been approved by their national authority. Another high-profile case, against Microsoft, resulted in the commission fining Microsoft over €777 million following nine years of legal action. The European Union has concluded free trade agreements (FTAs) and other agreements with a trade component with many countries worldwide and is negotiating with many others. The European Union's services trade surplus rose from $16 billion in 2000 to more than $250 billion in 2018. In 2020, in
Eng "wreck", "wrack", "varec", "wreak", "wretch" ) W.C. (also W.C) "toilette" ( < Eng water closet) wad wading wagage wagnérien wagnérienne wagnériser wagnérisme wagnerolâtre wagnéromane wagnéromanie wagon "wagon" wagon-lit wagon-restaurant wagon-salon wagonnage wagonnée wagonnet wagonnier walhalla walk-over walkie-talkie walkyrie wallingant wallingante wallon wallonisme walloniste wallonne warrant "warrant" warrantage warranter washingtonia wassingue water water-closet water-closets water-jacket water-polo watergang wateringue waterproof waters watringue watt watt-heure watté wattman wattmètre wavellite weber webstérite week-end "weekend" ( < Eng < Gmc) welche wellingtonia weltanschauung welter
English and Irish thrones, and, to symbolise this union of the crowns, the arms of England (which at that time were quartered with those of France) and Ireland were quartered with those of Scotland. Within Scotland, the Scottish arms were placed in the first and fourth quarters and those of England in the second, with the English arms taking precedence elsewhere. Except during the Commonwealth and the Protectorate in the mid-seventeenth century, and the use by William III of an
Enough. The Committee concluded that the inner-city conditions of poverty, racial segregation, lack of educational and employment opportunities, police abuse and unequal consumer services created the underlying causes of the riots. It also noted that the decline of industrial jobs in the American economy and the growing ethnic diversity of Los Angeles had contributed to urban problems. Another official report, The City in Crisis, was initiated by the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners; it made many of the same
Enough: Final Report and Recommendations of the Assembly Special Committee on the Los Angeles Crisis, Sacramento: Assembly Publications Office, 1992. Baldassare, Mark (ed.), The Los Angeles Riots: Lessons for the Urban Future, Boulder and Oxford: Westview Press, 1994. Cannon, Lou, Official Negligence: How Rodney King and the Riots Changed Los Angeles and the LAPD, Basic Books, 1999. Gibbs, Jewelle Taylor, Race and Justice: Rodney King and O.J. Simpson in a House Divided, San Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 1996. Gooding-Williams, Robert (ed.), Reading
Entertainment Weekly's list of the 50 Best High School Movies. The Karate Kid launched the career of Macchio, who would turn into a teen idol featured on the covers of magazines such as Tiger Beat. It revitalized the acting career of Morita, previously known mostly for his comedic role as Arnold on Happy Days, who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as Miyagi. Morita reprised his role in three subsequent sequels, while Macchio
Erin go Bragh ( ERR-in gə BRAH), sometimes Erin go Braugh, is the anglicisation of an Irish language phrase, Éirinn go Brách, and is used to express allegiance to Ireland. It is most often translated as "Ireland Forever." Erin go Bragh is an anglicisation of the phrase Éirinn go Brách in the Irish language. The standard version in Irish is Éire go Brách, which is pronounced [ˈeːɾʲə ɡə ˈbˠɾˠaːx]. Some uses of the phrase will use Éirinn, which survives as
European Commissioner for Enterprise and Industry, has stated that even though the EU is "a world leader in the technology", it was "being put on the defensive by the United States and Russia and that it only has about a 10-year technological advantage on China and India, which are racing to catch up". Galileo is a global navigation satellite system (GNSS) that went live in 2016, created by the EU through the ESA, operated by the EUSPA, with two ground
European Day of Languages is held annually on 26 September and is aimed at encouraging language learning across Europe. The EU has no formal connection to any religion. Article 17 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union recognises the "status under national law of churches and religious associations" as well as that of "philosophical and non-confessional organisations". The preamble to the Treaty on European Union mentions the "cultural, religious and humanist inheritance of Europe". Discussion over the
European Development Fund (EDF, €22.7 billion for the period 2008–2013 and €30.5 billion for the period 2014–2020) is made up of voluntary contributions by member states, but there is pressure to merge the EDF into the budget-financed instruments to encourage increased contributions to match the 0.7 per cent target and allow the European Parliament greater oversight. In 2016, the average among EU countries was 0.4 per cent and five had met or exceeded the 0.7 per cent target: Denmark, Germany,
European Public Prosecutor's Office (EPPO) is the prosecutory branch of the union with juridical personality, established under the Treaty of Lisbon between 23 of the 27 states of the EU following the method of enhanced cooperation. It is based in Kirchberg, Luxembourg City alongside the Court of Justice of the European Union and the European Court of Auditors The European Union’s public ethics system is highly fragmented, with various bespoke public integrity regimes coexisting under EU law, each possessing its
European Space Policy, established on 22 May 2007 between the EU and the European Space Agency (ESA), known collectively as the European Space Council. This was the first common political framework for space activities established by the EU. Each member state has pursued to some extent their own national space policy, though often co-ordinating through the ESA. Günter Verheugen, the European Commissioner for Enterprise and Industry, has stated that even though the EU is "a world leader in the technology",
European Union is of a temperate, continental nature, with a maritime climate prevailing on the western coasts and a mediterranean climate in the south. The climate is strongly conditioned by the Gulf Stream, which warms the western region to levels unattainable at similar latitudes on other continents. Western Europe is oceanic, while eastern Europe is continental and dry. Four seasons occur in western Europe, while southern Europe experiences a wet season and a dry season. Southern Europe is hot and
European Union, Iran tends to warn against it, and raised concerns about Pakistan's absolute backing of the Taliban during the fourth phase of civil war in Afghanistan in the last years of the 20th century. Through a progressive reconciliation and chaotic diplomacy, both countries come closer to each other in the last few years. In the changing security environment, Pakistan and Iran boosted their ties by maintaining the warmth in the relationship without taking into account the pressures from international
European classical composers (Ignaz Pleyel, Thomas Arne, and Henry Rowley Bishop). The book even includes five hymns by Lowell Mason, long ago the implacable enemy of the tradition that The Sacred Harp has preserved to this day. The description just given is based on the 1991 and 2025 Editions of The Sacred Harp, also known as the Denson edition. The widely used 2012 "Cooper" edition overlaps considerably in content with the 1991 Edition, but also includes many songs composed after
European popular film and audiovisual industries since 1991. It provides support for the development, promotion and distribution of European works within Europe and beyond. The European Union has had a significant positive economic effect on most member states. According to a 2019 study of the member states who joined from 1973 to 2004, "without European integration, per capita incomes would have been, on average, approximately 10% lower in the first ten years after joining the EU". Greece was the exception
European seaports are categorised as international, community, or regional. The Port of Rotterdam is the busiest in the EU, and the world's largest seaport outside of East Asia, located in and near the city of Rotterdam, in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands. The European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA), founded in 2002 in Lisbon, Portugal, is charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping
Face Off". Much like Top Gear's "Star in a Reasonably Priced Car", the segment involved two celebrities, who shared similar backgrounds or connections to certain elements (e.g. magicians) who competed against each other on a separate race track, to see who was the fastest, alongside conducting interviews with the presenters. The timed laps for this segment not only involved a different track, but also used a Jaguar F-Type R-Dynamic coupe to create the lap time. The use of celebrities was
Facility off-budget instrument. NGEU is a European Commission economic recovery package to support the EU member states to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular those that have been particularly hard hit. It is sometimes styled NextGenerationEU and Next Gen EU, and also called the European Union Recovery Instrument. Agreed in principle by the European Council on 21 July 2020 and adopted on 14 December 2020, the instrument is worth €750 billion. NGEU will operate from 2021 to 2026, and
Falcons, Moore had six receptions for 152 yards and a touchdown in the 37–34 overtime defeat. Moore's touchdown was a 62-yard catch that appeared to set up the Panthers to win the game with only 12 seconds remaining. However, Moore took off his helmet out of bounds and was flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct, which moved the extra point back. The kick was missed and the Falcons later won the game. Moore was off the field when he was penalized and
February 18, 1913 Indiana: February 19, 1913 New Hampshire: February 19, 1913 Vermont: February 19, 1913 South Dakota: February 19, 1913 Oklahoma: February 24, 1913 Ohio: February 25, 1913 Missouri: March 7, 1913 New Mexico: March 13, 1913 Nebraska: March 14, 1913 New Jersey: March 17, 1913 Tennessee: April 1, 1913 Pennsylvania: April 2, 1913 Connecticut: April 8, 1913With 36 states having ratified the Seventeenth Amendment, it was certified by Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan on May 31, 1913,
Fianna Fáil and the Progressive Democrats respectively, win the 1997 General Election. Publication of J. K. Rowling's first Harry Potter novel, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, in London by Bloomsbury Publishing, in an edition of 500 copies. July – The 1997 Central European flood occurs across Poland, Germany, and the Czech Republic. July 1 – The United Kingdom hands sovereignty of the British colony in Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China. July 2 – The Bank of
Finesses and Coups. New York: Cornerstone Library Publications. 192 pages. Reese, Terence; Dormer, Albert (1959). Bridge Player's Dictionary. New York: Sterling Publishing Company. OCLC 3190513. 252 pages. Reese, Terence; Dormer, Albert (1981). The Bridge Player's Alphabetical Handbook. London: Faber and Faber. ISBN 0-571-11599-3. 223 pages. Russell, Fisher (1933). Dictionary of Contract Bridge: the Webster of Contract. Clinton, MA: Colonial Press Inc. 32 pages. The Bridge World Official Bridge Dictionary Bridge Guy's Glossary and Library Archived 2006-01-06 at the Wayback Machine
First, "This battle was significant in that the 4,000 Mexican soldiers were greatly outnumbered by the well-equipped French army of 8,000 that had not been defeated for almost 50 years." Second, since the overall failed French intervention, The Bulletin has argued that no country in the Americas has subsequently been invaded by any other military force from another continent. Historian Justo Sierra has suggested in his Political Evolution of the Mexican People that, had Mexico not defeated the French in
Fit bid A bid in a suit that shows length and strength in the bid suit plus a fit for partner's suit. Jump shifts in competition are often defined as fit-bids. See also Fragment bid and Mixed (definition 2). Five-card majors An agreement that an opening bid in spades or hearts promises at least five cards in the suit. The alternative agreement is four-card majors. Fix (Noun) An undeservedly poor result, usually caused by an opponent's error or eccentric play
Five Barbarians then rebelled and ruled northern China as the Sixteen States. The Xianbei unified them as the Northern Wei, whose Emperor Xiaowen reversed his predecessors' apartheid policies and enforced a drastic sinification on his subjects. In the south, the general Liu Yu secured the abdication of the Jin in favor of the Liu Song. The various successors of these states became known as the Northern and Southern dynasties, with the two areas finally reunited by the Sui in 589.
Following a major suit raise to the two level, the long suit game try names a suit with at least four cards, so that partner's cover card is useful regardless of length in the suit. A double fit is not unlikely and, if a major suit, that is a potential alternative trump suit. 2) Alternative term for a help suit game try. In some usage the "help suit game try" is barely distinguishable from the long, in some barely distinguishable
For Producers, Composers, Arrangers, and Students (2nd ed.). Scarecrow Press. ISBN 978-0-8108-8201-0. Journals Carlin, Peter Ames (August–September 2004). "Brian Wilson's Wave". American Heritage. Vol. 55, no. 4. Archived from the original on March 4, 2006. Web articles McCormick, Scott (September 19, 2017). "The ingenious musical arrangements of Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys". Disc Makers Blog. McCormick, Scott (October 18, 2017). "Brian Wilson's songwriting tricks and techniques". Disc Makers Blog. "Brian Wilson: "LSD fucked with my brain"". NME. June 25,
For example: Bridge Base Online (BBO) is the most active online bridge club in the world, with more than 100,000 daily connections and 500,000 hands played each day, in part because it is free to play casual games and volunteer-run tournaments (though most tournaments charge an entry fee). The company is part of French-owned e-gaming group 52 Entertainment. Funbridge is a mobile and web application where users can play deals against robots. The company was started in France and is
Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran Mohammad Bagheri had a telephonic conversation in which both commanders discussed ways to deal with the current ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and border security and then agreed to enhance border security. In September 2021, the Pakistani military said one of its soldiers was killed and another soldier was injured in an attack that "targeted a Frontier Corps border post from Iranian territory". No group claimed responsibility and Iranian authorities did not comment. In June
Foskett (guitar), Wondermints members Darian Sahanaja (keyboards), Nick Walusko (guitar), Mike D'Amico (percussion, drums), and Probyn Gregory (guitar, horns); along with Chicago-based session musicians Scott Bennett (various), Paul Mertens (woodwinds), Bob Lizik (bass), Todd Sucherman (drums), and Taylor Mills (backing vocals). In August, he filed suit against Thomas, seeking damages and a declaration that he could work on his next album without Thomas's involvement. Thomas counter-sued, alleging that Wilson's wife had "schemed against and manipulated" him and Wilson; the case
Foskett, multi-instrumentalist Scott Bennett, reed player Paul Mertens, bassist Bob Lizik, and backing vocalist Taylor Mills. A successful initial tour was followed with concert performances of the full Pet Sounds album from 2000 to 2002; for shows with a symphonic orchestra, Parks was commissioned to write an orchestral arrangement of Wilson's songs as an opener. Wilson had long been psychologically scarred by the Smile sessions and associated the album with personal failure. Sahanaja recalled, "When I first met Brian, you
France The Eel (うなぎ, Unagi), directed by Shohei Imamura, Japan Golden Lion (Venice Film Festival): Hana-bi (Fireworks), directed by Takeshi Kitano, Japan Golden Bear (Berlin Film Festival): The People vs. Larry Flynt, directed by Miloš Forman, Canada / United States 2nd Empire Awards 24th Saturn Awards List of American films of 1997 List of Argentine films of 1997 List of Australian films of 1997 List of Bangladeshi films of 1997 List of British films of 1997 List of Canadian films
France. The plan fails when the French government of President Jacques Chirac refuses to recolonize them, resulting in the two islands being reintegrated into the Comoros over the next two years. August 4 – Jeanne Calment, the verified oldest person to have ever lived, dies at 122 years and 164 days. August 6 – Korean Air Flight 801 crash lands west of Guam International Airport, resulting in the deaths of 228 people. August 13 – Trey Parker and Matt Stone's
Francisco struggled as a whole, going 4–12 and missing the postseason, losing 11 out of their last 12 games after Young had concussion troubles, leading him to retire after the season. In the 2000 season, his final season in San Francisco, he again missed 1,000 receiving yards, with 75 receptions for 805 yards and seven touchdowns. The 2000 season marked Rice's first without having a game where he recorded at least 100 receiving yards. In his final home game against
Free Trade Association (EFTA) member states, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland, are not members of the EU, but have signed agreements in association with the Schengen Agreement. Also, three European microstates—Monaco, San Marino and the Vatican City—maintain open borders for passenger traffic with their neighbours, and are therefore considered de facto members of the Schengen Area due to the practical impossibility of travelling to or from them without transiting through at least one Schengen member country. Mobile communication roaming charges
French roll of arms dating from c. 1280 and preserved in The Hague, Netherlands, attributed "D'azure a la harpe d'or" (English: Blue with a harp of gold) to the King of Ireland ("le Roi d'Irlande"). The harp, traditionally associated with the biblical King David, was a rare charge on medieval rolls and only two arms with a harp are listed in a collection of 19 early rolls. Triangular devices appeared on medieval Irish coinage by kings John and Edward I
Frith identified Wilson's withdrawal in 1967, along with Phil Spector's self-imposed retirement in 1966, as the catalysts for the "rock/pop split that has afflicted American music ever since". By the mid-1970s, Wilson had tied with ex–Pink Floyd member Syd Barrett for rock music's foremost "mythical casualty". Timothy White wrote that Wilson's ensuing legend rivaled that of the California myth promoted by the Beach Boys, while Brackett characterized Wilson's "rise and fall and rise" as a "downright Shakespearean" story. Ultimately, he
Functioning through the "contractual" conjunction of each participating institution, the body operates primarily as a formal mechanism for coordination rather than a centralized enforcement agency (Julio Baquero Cruz, Chapter 5, pp. 88, 94-95). Curiously the body is not based on the Treaty legal basis for IIAs (Inter Institutional Agreements) (Article 295 TFEU), as this article only refers to the three main EU institutions. It cannot take over decision-making powers for individual disciplinary cases (Julio Baquero Cruz, Chapter 5, p. 98;
Fund (30 per cent). The EU's external action financing is divided into geographic instruments and thematic instruments. The geographic instruments provide aid through the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI, €16.9 billion, 2007–2013), which must spend 95 per cent of its budget on official development assistance (ODA), and from the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument (ENPI), which contains some relevant programmes. The European Development Fund (EDF, €22.7 billion for the period 2008–2013 and €30.5 billion for the period 2014–2020) is made up
Fundamental Rights are created by the Council of Europe. The EU has also promoted human rights issues in the wider world. The EU opposes the death penalty and has proposed its worldwide abolition. Abolition of the death penalty is a condition for EU membership. On 19 October 2020, the European Union revealed new plans to create a legal structure to act against human rights violations worldwide. The new plan was expected to provide the European Union with greater flexibility to
F♯ A♯ ∞ August 16–17 – Phish perform at the two-day music festival, The Great Went, at Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, Maine, US. They play 500 minutes of music, six sets and two encores. There is an estimated attendance of between 65,000 and 70,000, and it is the top-grossing concert of the season, making over $4,000,000 in box office receipts. August 19 – The reunited Fleetwood Mac begin a concert tour in the United States. August 30 –
GOC of the 7th Infantry Division of the Pakistan Army, which he commanded during the 1965 war with India. During these years, Yahya was also tasked in civil and administrative matters, including being the Administrator of the Islamabad Capital Project, "the job for major execution" being given to him. Yahya became Pakistan Army's C-in-C on 27 October 1966 when General Mohammad Musa went on retirement. When Yahya became the C-in-C, he superseded two of his seniors: Lieutenant-General Altaf Qadir and
Garrison as Tommy Pat E. Johnson as Head Referee The Karate Kid is partly based on the life of its screenwriter, Robert Mark Kamen. At age 17, shortly after attending the 1964 New York World's Fair, Kamen was assaulted by a gang of bullies and began studying martial arts for self-defense. Unhappy with his first instructor, who promoted martial arts primarily as a means of violence and revenge, Kamen later trained in Okinawan Gōjū-ryū karate under a Japanese teacher who
Gaza war to expand into a regional conflict. Raisi holds talks with top Pakistani leadership, including Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif, as the two neighbours seek to mend ties after Cross-border missile attacks in January. The Iranian President also visited the Tomb of Allama Iqbal in Lahore. In August 2025, high-ranking officials from Iran and Pakistan, in the presence of their heads of state, signed twelve cooperation agreements across various fields, including science, technology, transportation, economy, tourism, and agriculture, to strengthen
Gear on occasion. The first episode, titled "Seamen", was filmed on the Mekong Delta in Cambodia and Vietnam and released on 13 December 2019. A second episode, titled "A Massive Hunt", was filmed in Réunion and Madagascar. It was originally set to be released on 18 December 2020 but was released a day ahead of schedule on 17 December 2020. A third episode, titled "Lochdown", was filmed in Scotland in October 2020 and was released on 30 July 2021. A
General Iftikhar Janjua, which resulted in territorial gains. He also directed the attempted advance towards Longewala, though this effort was ultimately repelled by Indian forces. Hamid Khan oversaw the II Corps offensive into the Indian state of Punjab. The plan involved advancing from Bahawalnagar towards Bhatinda and Ludhiana. Under his directive, major elements of the 1st Armored Division began mobilization on December 15, 1971. Small advancements were made by Pakistani troops. However, due to subsequent orders to halt movements, the
General Yahya Khan agreed to withdraw forces, India did not, by Khalid Hasan, Daily Times, 3 July 2005.
General Yahya Khan. The violence unleashed by the Pakistani forces on 25 March 1971 proved the last straw to the efforts to negotiate a settlement. Furthermore the Pakistany army arrested Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. A news of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's arrest reached the radio station in Chittagong. Major Ziaur Rahman begun rebelling with his forces was requested to provide security for the radio station and also read the Declaration of independence on 26 March 1971. He broadcast the announcement of the
George Floyd protests Killing of Trayvon Martin Simultaneous 1992 riots: West Las Vegas riots Other Los Angeles riots: Zoot Suit Riots (1943) George Floyd protests in Los Angeles County, California (2020) June 2025 Los Angeles protests Afary, Kamran, Performance and Activism: Grassroots Discourse After the Los Angeles Rebellion of 1992, Lexington Books, 2009. Assembly Special Committee To Rebuild is Not Enough: Final Report and Recommendations of the Assembly Special Committee on the Los Angeles Crisis, Sacramento: Assembly Publications Office, 1992.
Georgia and in Maryland, then in earnest with the November 1914 election; it was complete on March 4, 1919, when the senators chosen by the November 1918 election took office. Originally, under Article I, Section 3, Clauses 1 and 2 of the Constitution, each state legislature chose its state's senators for a six-year term. Each state, regardless of size, is entitled to two senators as part of the Connecticut Compromise between the small and large states. This contrasted with the
Germ Hocke) houiller houilleur houillère houle "billow" ( < Norm houle "cavity, rabbit hole" < ON hol "hole" < Gmc, cf OE hol "cave") houleux houle "brothel" ( < OHG holi "hole" < Gmc, infl by OFr hore "whore" < Gmc) houlière houlette "trowel, crook" ( < MFr hollette "shepherd's staff" < houler "to throw" < Frk *hollan < Gmc, cf MDu hollen "to run headlong") houppe (Zoo.) "a tuft, topknot" houppelande "overcoat" hourder "to roughcast" houseau "spatterdash" houspiller "to
Germany, Finland, Norway, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the US). These unions are often divided into "locals", and united in national federations. These federations themselves will affiliate with Internationals, such as the International Trade Union Confederation. However, in Japan, union organisation is slightly different due to the presence of enterprise unions, i.e. unions that are specific to a plant or company. These enterprise unions, however, join industry-wide federations which in turn are members of Rengo, the Japanese national
Germany. It states: "Great Britain and France are the ground zero of dog fancying, with 57 registered breeds each. Germany is not far behind, with 47 breeds. These three countries alone represent more than 40% of all dog breeds recognized by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale." Dog type List of dog crossbreeds List of Italian dog breeds List of dog breeds from India List of Tibetan dog breeds List of dog breeds originating from England List of dog breeds originating from
Giant to wear it since 1935 when it was retired for Ray Flaherty. In his NFL debut, Nabers had five receptions for 66 yards in a 28–6 loss to the Minnesota Vikings. He caught his first NFL touchdown pass in week 2 against the Washington Commanders. In week 3, he had 78 receiving yards and two touchdowns in a 21–15 win over the Cleveland Browns. He became the first player in NFL history to put up at least 20 receptions
Giants' manager Felipe Alou said Wilson was not getting enough playing time. Wilson would go on to have three more stints with the Giants in 2006. On July 2, he got his first career save, stranding three inherited runners in the eighth inning and throwing 1+2⁄3 scoreless innings in a 6–2 victory over the San Diego Padres. In 31 games, he had a 2–3 record, a 5.40 ERA, 23 strikeouts, and 21 walks in 30 innings pitched. In 24 games
Giants' single season save record of 48 held by Rod Beck. He finished the season with a 3–3 record, a 1.81 ERA, 93 strikeouts, 26 walks, and 74+2⁄3 inning pitched in 70 games. He converted 48 of 53 save opportunities and led the majors in saves as well as leading the major leagues in saves of four outs or more (10). He was named the This Year in Baseball Closer of the Year after the season. He finished 13th in
Gifford () is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Indian River County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Sebastian–Vero Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,511 at the 2020 census. Gifford has a rich African American history and is noted as the hometown of several African-American landscape artists who were members of The Highwaymen. Gifford is one of the poorest communities in Florida. The settlement of Gifford was organized in the mid-1880s, according to the
Ginny Weasley, and Shinya Matsuda and Syuntaro Miyao as Draco Malfoy. Additionally, the cast included Haru Fujita and Kouhei Fukuyama as Albus Potter, and Soudai Kadota and Rio Saitou as Scorpius Malfoy. The production began previews on 16 June 2022, and had their opening night on 8 July 2022. On 27 February 2025, it was announced that Goro Inagaki would take over the role of Harry Potter for the play's fourth year, starting in July. On 16 October 2023, it
Gmc *hraina-z "clean, pure", cf Goth hrains "clean") rinçure ringard "poker, fuddy-duddy" ( < Wallon ringuèle "lever" < Germ (dial.) rengel "log") riolé "striped" ( < rigolé < rigole < OHG rīga "line" < Gmc) rioter "riot" ( < OFr rihoter, riotter < Gmc, cf Flem revot, ravot "to rub, excite", OHG rīban "to rub") rioteur ripaille "good cheer, feasting" riper "to scrape, drag" ripe ris "sweetbread" ( < rides (de veau) < ride < Gmc) rissoler "to roast brown"
Gmc, cf OE lēasung "leasing") lot "lot, portion" lotir loterie loterie "lottery" lotir "to lot, apportion" loti lotissement loto "loto" louche "large spoon" louchet "grafting tool" louis (Monet.) "a louis" loup-garou "werewolf" loupe "magnifier, magnifying glass" loure "a loure (dance)" loutre "otter" louvoyer "to tack" lover "to coil" lubie "whim" lucarne lumbago "lumbago" luron "jolly fellow" luronne lutin "a little one, elf, goblin" lutiner mâche "mash" ( < Gmc *maisk, cf Germ Maisch, OE māx "mash") mâcher "to beat, strike,
Gmc, cf OHG zuchōn "to strike, jerk", OE tucian "to offend, mistreat") toc tocsin touaille "towel, tablecloth" ( < OFr toaille < ML toacula < Frk *þwahlja < Gmc, cf OHG dwahilla) toucher "to touch" ( < OFr touchier, tochier < LL *toccare "to knock, strike" < Gmc, OHG zucchōn "to jerk, tug", OE tucian "to mistreat, abuse") touche toucher attoucher retoucher touer "to tow" toue touage touée touffe "tuft" ( < OFr toffe < Frk *topp- < Gmc, cf
Gommerman leaves Finger Eleven due to extensive touring. Derrick Green replaces Max Cavalera in Sepultura. Glenn Ljungström and Johan Larsson leave In Flames. Big Audio Dynamite's final album Entering a New Ride, which features Ranking Roger from The Beat, gets rejected for release by their record label, so is released independently as one of the first ever well known musical downloads, for free on their website. See Category:Musical groups established in 1997 See Category:Musical groups disestablished in 1997 As Friends
Gook, and Dai Sil Kim-Gibson's film Wet Sand: Voices from LA. Documentaries that focus on the riots and their influence include Spin, Let It Fall: Los Angeles 1982–1992, and Rize. Feature films that reference, focus on, or were influenced by the riots include Spike Lee's Malcolm X, The L.A. Riot Spectacular, and Strange Days. Multiple musical artists and bands have referenced or responded to the riots via their works. Ice Cube has written several songs that reference the riots such
Gorillaz' "Dirty Harry" (being performed in Chinese). An abbreviated form of Frédéric Chopin's Nocturne No. 20 is featured, arranged for strings, in Meiying's violin audition scene, along with Sergei Rachmaninoff's piano transcription of "Flight of the Bumblebee" by Rimsky-Korsakov. The film premiered May 26, 2010, in Chicago, with appearances by Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith, and a brief surprise appearance from Will Smith. In the mainland China version of the film, scenes of bullying were shortened by the censors, and
Grand Tour received a nomination in the Original OTT Streamed category at the 2017 Television and Radio Industries Club Awards. However, BBC Arts Editor, Will Gompertz said of the opening that "there is no irony. It feels uncomfortably hubristic" but once the presenters were in the tent "Normal service has been resumed" and that "It seemed to me that Grand Tour is a TV show that wants to be – and quite possibly should be – a movie". The Independent
Great Milenko after only six hours of release, in an attempt to placate the Southern Baptist Church who were threatening to boycott the company for straying from its family-friendly image. The controversy generates tremendous publicity for the band, who soon sign with Island Records. June 29 – Missy Elliott releases the single "The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly)" from her debut album Supa Dupa Fly. July 1 – Transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China: Tan Dun's Symphony 1997: Heaven,
Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Irish, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish, and Swedish. Important documents, such as legislation, are translated into every official language and the European Parliament provides translation for documents and plenary sessions. Most EU institutions use only a handful of working languages: the European Commission conducts its internal business in three procedural languages: English, French, and German; the Court of Justice uses French as the working language, and the European Central Bank conducts its business
Green Bay Packers, in which Rice had 11 receptions for 117 yards. During the offseason of 1996, Rice and Jackie were expecting their third child, and on May 16, 1996, Jada Rice was born. Minutes after the birth, however, Jackie suffered complications and nearly died from blood loss. She made a recovery after many surgeries. This caused Rice to miss almost all of June mini-camp and one week of training camp; he was supported by his teammates and coaches along
Green as John Kreese, Jake Bentley Young as Johnny, Jetta Juriansz as Ali Mills, and Luis-Pablo Garcia as Freddie Fernandez. The adaption debuted in St. Louis in June 2022. In August 2023, it was reported that Jackie Chan would reprise his role from the 2010 film in a new "Karate Kid" film. By November of the same year, Chan officially joined the cast alongside Ralph Macchio in their respective roles as Mr. Han and Daniel. The studio announced a world-wide
Guard, 18 cargo, supply and communication vessels; and large-scale damage inflicted on the naval base and docks in the coastal town of Karachi. Three merchant navy ships – Anwarbaksh, Pasni and Madhumathi – and ten smaller vessels were captured. Around 1900 personnel were lost, while 1413 servicemen were captured by Indian forces in Dacca. According to one Pakistani scholar, Tariq Ali, Pakistan lost half its navy in the war. After the attempted pre-emptive attack, the PAF adopted a defensive stance
H.J. Res. 1 in the House of Representatives. Their proposal specified the process by which a president could be declared "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office", thereby making the vice president an acting president, and how the president could regain the powers of his office. Their proposal also provided a way to fill a vacancy in the office of vice president before the next presidential election. This was as opposed to the Keating–Kefauver proposal, which provided
HSR network in the world. Services on the Beijing–Shanghai, Beijing–Tianjin, and Chengdu–Chongqing lines reach up to 350 km/h (217 mph), making them the fastest conventional high speed railway services in the world. With an annual ridership of over 3.3 billion passengers in 2024, it is the world's busiest. The network includes the Beijing–Guangzhou high-speed railway, the single longest HSR line in the world, and the Beijing–Shanghai high-speed railway, which has three of longest railroad bridges in the world. The Shanghai
Hagrid and later Remus Lupin and Sirius Black as father-figures. The second book, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, was originally published in the UK on 2 July 1998 and later, in the US on 2 June 1999. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was then published a year later in the UK on 8 July 1999 and in the US on 8 September 1999. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was published on 8 July 2000
Hall concert, was not originally contacted about the planned concerts and learned of them through the press. The announcement generated mixed reactions from some fans concerned that Wilson's attempt to complete Smile would diminish its legacy, a sentiment Sahanaja initially shared. He remembered that during their meetings over the summer, Wilson did not appear interested in the project, although he gradually became more engaged. That same period, Wilson told Leaf that he could not proceed with the Smile concerts without
Hand pattern See distribution. Hand record A document that lists the cards in each hand of every board played in a duplicate bridge session. Often, hand records also list contracts each partnership can make with double dummy declarer play and double dummy defense. Help suit game try The bid of a side suit after a single raise, used to help partner evaluate game prospects when opener's hand is roughly a trick stronger than a minimum opening. For example, after 1♥
Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein threatens to dissolve the Landtag of Liechtenstein and dismiss the government over disagreements regarding a referendum on Liechtenstein's accession to the European Economic Area. October 31 – Pope John Paul II issues an apology and lifts the 1633 edict of the Inquisition against Galileo Galilei. November 3 – In the 1992 United States presidential election, Democratic Arkansas governor Bill Clinton defeats Republican president George H. W. Bush and Independent Ross Perot. November 8 – More
Harp Or, stringed Argent) are believed to have likely evolved from the arms of Ireland itself with a change of tincture. Similarly, Munster's arms (Azure, three antique crowns Or) are thought to have been derived from those of the former Lordship of Ireland, or from the short-lived dukedom of Ireland created for Robert de Vere in 1386. The crowns now usually depicted as "antique" or "eastern": a gold rim with eight sharp, triangular rays, of which five are seen. The
Harp Singing" Southern Spaces ISSN 1551-2754 Steel, David Warren with Richard H. Hulan (2010) The Makers of the Sacred Harp. University of Illinois Press. ISBN 978-0-252-07760-9 Wallace, James B. (2007) "Stormy Banks and Sweet Rivers: A Sacred Harp Geography" Southern Spaces ISSN 1551-2754 Fasola Home Page, a web site dedicated to Sacred Harp music Sacred Harp Publishing Company, publisher of the most commonly used edition of The Sacred Harp ("Denson Book") Sacred Harp Book Company, publisher for the Cooper Revision
Harp singing deviates in several respects from typical choral music. It is not generally rehearsed or performed for an audience: singers participate for the sake of the experience in itself, as well as for the sake of the friendships and social ties of the community (many also engage with singing as a spiritual or religious experience). Songs are generally sung in strict time, without pauses at the ends of phrases. A prominent feature of the vocal style is accent: instead
HarperCollins Publishers L.L.C. Hochberg, Ilene (2007). Dogs by Design: How to Find the Right Mixed Breed for You. New York: Sterling Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4027-4354-2. Retrieved 2019-12-23. Hodgson, Sarah (2019). Puppies For Dummies (4 ed.). Hoboken, New Jersey: Wiley. ISBN 978-1-119-55847-7. Retrieved 2019-12-22. Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary. Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2020. Mooallem, Jon (4 February 2007). "The Modern Kennel Conundrum". New York Times Magazine. Retrieved 7 December 2019. Morris, Desmond (2001). Dogs: The Ultimate Dictionary of over 1,000 Dog Breeds. North Pomfret, VT:
Harry Nilsson, John Lennon, Ringo Starr, and Keith Moon. On several occasions, Marilyn Wilson sent her friends to climb Hutton's fence and retrieve her husband. In 1974, Wilson interrupted a set by jazz musician Larry Coryell at The Troubadour by leaping on stage and singing "Be-Bop-a-Lula" while wearing slippers and a bathrobe. Many reported anecdotes involving Wilson in the early 1970s, though frequently of questionable veracity, attained a legendary status. Recalling Wilson's wellbeing at the time, John Sebastian said, "It
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is a play written by Jack Thorne from an original story by Thorne, J. K. Rowling, and John Tiffany. The plot occurs nineteen years after the events of Rowling's novel Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. It follows Albus Severus Potter, the second son of Harry Potter, who is now Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement at the Ministry of Magic. When Albus arrives at Hogwarts to get sorted into Gryffindor, he
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (released in the United States as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone) is a 2001 action-adventure video game developed by Argonaut Games and published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation. Based on the 1997 novel of the same name (as well as its 2001 film adaptation), the player controls Harry Potter, who must navigate his first year in the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and eventually confront the villainous Lord Voldemort. The PlayStation
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a fantasy novel by British author J. K. Rowling. It is the first novel in the Harry Potter series and was Rowling's debut novel. It follows Harry Potter, a young wizard who discovers his magical heritage on his eleventh birthday when he receives a letter of acceptance from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. With the help of his friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, Harry unravels a mystery involving the dark wizard
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone topped the New York Times list of best-selling fiction and stayed near the top of the list for much of 1999 and 2000, until the New York Times split its list into children's and adult sections under pressure from other publishers who were eager to see their books given higher placings. Publishers Weekly's report in December 2001 on cumulative sales of children's fiction placed Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 19th among hardbacks (over
Harry and Draco overcome their old enmity. The one-part version of the play, currently playing in Hamburg, New York, Los Angeles, Tokyo, and Toronto, had over an hour and a half of content cut from the show to bring the runtime down to 3 hours and 30 minutes, including a 20-minute intermission. The dream sequences involving Young Harry, the Dursleys and Hagrid have all been removed, as well as the conversations Scorpius has with Polly Chapman and Draco in the
Harry and his backstory was intentionally not fleshed-out at first: The basic idea... Harry, I saw Harry very very very clearly. Very vividly. And I knew he didn't know he was a wizard. ... And so then I kind of worked backwards from that position to find out how that could be, that he wouldn't know what he was. ... When he was one year old, the most evil wizard for hundreds and hundreds of years attempted to kill him.
He also cleaned for his father's machining company, ABLE, on weekends. He auditioned to sing for the Original Sound Record Company's inaugural record release, but was deemed too young. For his 16th birthday, Wilson received a portable two-track Wollensak tape recorder, allowing him to experiment with recording songs, group vocals, and rudimentary production techniques. He involved his friends around the piano and would most frequently harmonize with those from his senior class in these recordings. Fred Morgan, his high school
He also had a brief relationship with a Bengali woman called Shamim K. Hussain, also known as Black Beauty. The wife of a police officer, Yahya appreciated her company not so much for her looks but mainly because she was fluent in English and could talk about Shakespeare and Lord Byron, among his favourite poets, and she eventually became influential enough to shape the decisions of the foreign office. Yahya's older brother Agha Muhammad Ali Khan had been the Chief
He became the third wide receiver to earn Super Bowl MVP honors. Even though Rice won the MVP, Montana uttered the famous: "I'm going to Disney World!" line, instead of Rice; Rice attributed him not saying it to racism. Overall, Rice caught 21 receptions for 409 yards and six touchdowns; his yards and touchdown numbers stood as postseason records until Larry Fitzgerald broke both of them in 2008. After the 1988 season, 49ers head coach Bill Walsh retired from coaching
He believes the "Chinese couldn't believe their luck in finding such a naive and biddable partner as Kissinger". World Order Diplomacy (Kissinger book) Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung After Words interview with Kissinger on On China, June 13, 2011
He has Dre repeatedly take off and pick up his jacket to develop muscle memory. Han takes him to a Taoist temple where Dre drinks the water from a Taoist well and witnesses a woman make a cobra reflect her movements. After weeks of training, Han gives Dre a day off. Dre persuades Meiying to skip school with him. After finding out, Meiying's parents deem Dre a bad influence and forbid Meiying from seeing him. Dre finds Han drunk and
He never came back after that." His primary cause of death was declared as respiratory arrest amid sepsis, cystitis, and other associated factors. Family and associates, including Jardine, Mike Love and Blondie Chaplin, paid tribute to Wilson on social media, while media outlets published eulogies written by Van Dyke Parks, Darian Sahanaja, biographer David Leaf, and co-manager Jean Sievers. Many other musicians, artists, and celebrities offered public acknowledgements. At the time of his death, Wilson had left behind a substantial
He paired with dancer Anna Trebunskaya, and they reached the final two before losing to singer Drew Lachey and his partner Cheryl Burke. In 2009, Rice portrayed Hal Gore in the film Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling. In the same year, he guest-starred as himself in the episode "Lyin' King" on the sitcom Rules of Engagement. Rice has co-authored two books about his life: Rice (with Michael Silver, published 1996, ISBN 0-312-14795-3) and Go Long: My Journey Beyond the Game
He walked up to and grabbed John Avildsen, and said "Watch your mouth asshole!" He then exited the room and came back in, took his headband off and said that it was Johnny, not Billy. Avildsen then asked him about his age, and his height when compared to karate kid. Zabka responded, "Bruce Lee was smaller than Kareem Abdul Jabbar, but he beat him" in reference to Game of Death, to which Avildsen confirmed it. Avildsen was then convinced to
He was also known for his versatile head voice and falsetto. Wilson's formative influences included George Gershwin, the Four Freshmen, Phil Spector, and Burt Bacharach. In 1961, he began his professional career as a member of the Beach Boys, serving as the band's songwriter, producer, co-lead vocalist, bassist, keyboardist, and de facto leader. After signing with Capitol Records in 1962, he became the first pop musician credited for writing, arranging, producing, and performing his own material. He also produced acts
Herald of Ireland. Archived 24 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine. Two "Ireland" images in Ulster Office's Draft Grants of Arms c. 1580–1690: folio 18 (top left) and folio 71
Herbert. Hesitation A brief pause before a bid or play, considered somewhat shorter than a Huddle. High–low signal See Echo. High card An honor card. The highest-ranking card in a suit at any point during the play. High card points (HCP) A measure or estimate of the strength of cards in the play of a deal. Routinely the high card points of all 13 cards in one player's hand are counted in sum, as a measure of playing strength of
Herodotus, in Babylon, auctions of women for marriage were held annually. The auctions began with the woman the auctioneer considered to be the most beautiful and progressed to the least beautiful. It was considered illegal to allow a daughter to be sold outside of the auction method. Attractive maidens were offered in a forward auction to determine the price to be paid by a swain, while unattractive maidens required a reverse auction to determine the price to be paid to
Hi-Los". Inquired for his music tastes in 1961, Wilson replied, "top 10". Particular favorites included Chuck Berry, the Coasters, and the Everly Brothers. He particularly admired Berry's "rhythm and lyrical thoughts". Carl said that he and his brother "were total Chuck Berry freaks" and together sang Coasters songs with Four Freshmen-style arrangements before the Beach Boys formed. Wilson disliked surf music. In the estimation of biographer Timothy White, he instead sought a "new plateau midway between Gershwin and the best
Hite and Dorinda Morgan on Candix Records, "Surfin'" became a hit in Los Angeles and reached 75 on the national Billboard sales charts while the group's name was changed by Candix Records to the Beach Boys. Their major live debut was at the Ritchie Valens Memorial Dance on New Year's Eve, 1961. Days earlier, Wilson had received an electric bass from his father and quickly learned to play, prompting Jardine to switch to rhythm guitar. When Candix Records faced financial
Hogwarts. Albus is now in Gryffindor. Meanwhile, Harry has nightmares about Voldemort. The centaur Bane tells Harry that a "dark cloud" is around Albus. Convinced that Scorpius is a threat to Albus, Harry tries to separate the boys at Hogwarts by attempting to force Headmistress Minerva McGonagall to keep tabs on Albus using the Marauder's Map. Albus and Scorpius's friendship is destroyed, but the two reconcile after Albus steals Harry's old Invisibility Cloak from Albus's older brother James. Harry relents
House to submit the Seventeenth Amendment to the states for ratification, nearly ninety years after it first was presented to the Senate in 1826. By 1912, 239 political parties at both the state and national level had pledged some form of direct election, and 33 states had introduced the use of direct primaries. Twenty-seven states had called for a constitutional convention on the subject, with 31 states needed to reach the threshold; Arizona and New Mexico each achieved statehood that
House, John W. McCormack, and the 86-year-old Senate president pro tempore, Carl Hayden. Senator Birch Bayh succeeded Kefauver as chairman of the Subcommittee on Constitutional Amendments and set about advocating a detailed amendment dealing with presidential disability. On January 6, 1965, Bayh proposed S.J. Res. 1 in the Senate and Representative Emanuel Celler (Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee) proposed H.J. Res. 1 in the House of Representatives. Their proposal specified the process by which a president could be declared
However, on 16 March 2020, performances were suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Performances resumed on 25 February 2021. Most of the original principal cast members returned, with Ben Walter joining the show as Albus Potter and Aisha Aidara joining as Rose Granger-Weasley. On 27 March 2022, the final performance of the original two-part play was performed in Melbourne. Following a brief hiatus, the play reopened on 4 May 2022, as the newly staged one-part version. The lone notable cast
However, there remains an inequality in education spending. In 2010, the annual education expenditure per secondary school student in Beijing totalled ¥20,023, while in Guizhou, one of the poorest provinces, it only totalled ¥3,204. China's literacy rate has grown dramatically, from only 20% in 1949 and 65.5% in 1979, to 97% of the population over age 15 in 2020. As of 2024, China has over 3,167 universities, with over 47.6 million students enrolled in mainland China, giving China the largest
I guess we should probably have these checked for performance-enhancing cleats." He also stated that he was punished "for having too much awesome on my feet." In addition to his mohawk hairstyle, Wilson has a large black beard, which he began growing and presumably dyeing during the Giants' playoff run in 2010. He never admitted to dyeing it, saying in 2010, "It's dark because we play a lot of day games. It's tanned. It's focused." He decided he would not
I respect your stance but don't disrespect the Flag". Following criticism from other players and the public, Rice offered support to Kaepernick in bringing awareness for injustice. List of NFL career receiving yards leaders List of NFL career receptions leaders List of NFL career receiving touchdowns leaders List of NFL career scoring leaders List of NFL annual receiving yards leaders List of NFL annual receptions leaders List of NFL receiving touchdowns leaders List of NFL annual scoring leaders List of
II Corps casualties incurred during Pakistani frontal attacks. In 1972, President Zulfikar Ali Bhutto removed Lieutenant General Gul Hassan Khan from his position as commander-in-chief of the army and replaced him with Tikka Khan. Tikka Khan was a highly unpopular choice in military circles for the chief of army staff because it was felt strongly that he was professionally unprepared for the assignment. On the other hand, Tikka Khan was steadfastly loyal to Bhutto. In 1972, he supported the militarisation
II – Alleged atrocities by the Pakistan Army. Hamood-ur-Rehman Commission Report, The Report of the Commission of Inquiry – 1971 War as Declassified by The Government of Pakistan, PART IV – MILITARY ASPECT, Chapter III, The formulation of defence plans. Hamood-ur-Rehman Commission Report, The Report of the Commission of Inquiry – 1971 War as Declassified by The Government of Pakistan, Volume-I: Supplementary Report – Top secret, PART IV – SURRENDER IN EAST PAKISTAN, CHAPTER I – The moral aspect. Hamood-ur-Rehman
In 1655, Martino Martini suggested that the word China is derived ultimately from the name of the Qin dynasty (221–206 BCE) or the prior state of Qin. Although use in Indian sources precedes this dynasty, though not the state, this derivation is still given in various sources. Alternative suggestions include the names for Yelang and the Jing or Chu state. The official name of the modern state is the "People's Republic of China" (simplified Chinese: 中华人民共和国; traditional Chinese: 中華人民共和國; pinyin:
In August 1967, Wilson briefly rejoined the band for two live performances in Honolulu, recorded for an unfinished live album titled Lei'd in Hawaii. During sessions for Wild Honey (December 1967), Wilson encouraged his brother Carl to contribute more to the record-making process. He also began producing tracks for Danny Hutton's group Redwood, recording three songs including "Time to Get Alone" and "Darlin'", but the project was halted by Carl and Mike Love, who urged Brian to prioritize Beach Boys
In May 2022, it was reported that the European Union was preparing another sanction against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine. It is expected to target Russian oil, Russian and Belarusian banks, as well as individuals and companies. According to an article by Reuters, two diplomats stated that the European Union may impose a ban on imports of Russian oil by the end of 2022. Also in May 2022, the European Commission published the RePowerEU initiative, a €300 billion plan
In October 2011, he released In the Key of Disney, which peaked at number 83 in the U.S. This release was soon overshadowed by The Smile Sessions, issued one week later. In mid-2011, Wilson reunited with Mike Love, Al Jardine, David Marks, and Bruce Johnston to re-record "Do It Again" in secret for a potential 50th anniversary album. Rumors soon circulated in the music press about a world tour by the group. In a September report, Wilson said he was
In Rostock, Germany, tens of thousands rally to protest neo-Nazi attacks on refugees and immigrants begun on August 22. September 1 – In Beijing, police arrest Shen Tong for his role in organizing the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. September 2 – The 7.7 Mw Nicaragua earthquake affects the west coast of Nicaragua. With a Ms –Mw disparity of half a unit, this tsunami earthquake triggers a tsunami that causes most of the damage and casualties, with at least 116
In Week 10 against the Green Bay Packers, Moore caught nine passes for 120 yards in the 24–16 loss. During Week 12 against the New Orleans Saints, Moore finished with six catches for 126 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns as the Panthers lost 31–34. Overall, in the 2019 season, Moore finished with 87 receptions for 1,175 receiving yards and four receiving touchdowns. In Week 2, Moore recorded eight receptions for 120 receiving yards in a 17–31 loss to the
In a 13-card hand, a singleton or void suit. 2) In a hand, that suit with the fewest cards. Short suit game try By agreement, a bid of a short side suit after a single raise, hoping to reach game. For example, after 1♥ – 2♥, opener might rebid 3♣ with a singleton or void in clubs. The bid tells partner where high cards will be least useful, indicating duplication of values. It requests partner to take positive action with
In a large tournament there may be several directors reporting to a Head Director. In ACBL-sponsored events, a director's ruling as to bridge fact may be appealed; a ruling as to discipline, so as to maintain an orderly event, may not. Discard (Verb) To play a card that is neither of the suit led, nor trump, and that therefore cannot win the trick. (Noun) The card so played. Discouraging card A carding signal that discourages partner from leading a particular
In consequence, many working conditions are not negotiable due to a strong legal protection of individuals. However, the German flavor or works legislation has as its main objective to create a balance of power between employees organized in unions and employers organized in employers' associations. This allows much wider legal boundaries for collective bargaining, compared to the narrow boundaries for individual negotiations. As a condition to obtain the legal status of a trade union, employee associations need to prove that
In fact, more than 80 percent of the Bengali people were Muslims at that time. A large section of the intellectual community of Bangladesh were murdered, mostly by the Al-Shams and Al-Badr forces, at the instruction of the Pakistani Army. Just two days before the surrender, on 14 December 1971, Pakistan Army and the Razakar militia (local collaborators) picked up at least 100 physicians, professors, writers and engineers in Dacca, and murdered them, leaving the dead bodies in a mass
In four-deal bridge (Chicago) only, contract points accumulate toward a game like in rubber bridge, but game bonuses are awarded like in duplicate bridge. A separate part-score bonus is available in the fourth deal only, without accumulation. a partial contract bid and made in the last deal, which is not game-finishing, scores a bonus of 100 points, and any game contract, i.e. one scoring 100 or more points (possibly in combination of a previously accumulated part-score), scores a game bonus
In other words, in competitive auctions, 5-level contracts belong to the enemy. See also Law of Total Tricks Rule of Four Avoid giving support for partner's 5-card suit if a superior 4–4 fit might be available. Rule of Seven When declarer's only high card in the suit led by the opponents is the ace, count the number of cards in that suit held by declarer and dummy, subtract from seven and duck that many times. Rule of Three On a
In practice, estimating a good contract without information about one's partner's hand is difficult, so there exist many bidding systems assigning meanings to bids, with common ones including Standard American, Acol, and 2/1 game forcing. Contrast with Spades, where players only have to bid their own hand. After the contract is decided and the first lead is made, the declarer's partner (dummy) lays their cards face up on the table, and the declarer plays the dummy's cards as well as
In three of the last four games of the regular season, Rice went over 100 receiving yards. Rice had a successful year, leading the NFL in receptions (100), receiving yards (1,502), and receiving touchdowns (13), becoming the first player to lead the NFL in all three categories in the Super Bowl era: only Sterling Sharpe (1992), Steve Smith Sr. (2005), Cooper Kupp (2021), and Ja'Marr Chase (2024) have managed the feat since. He was named to the Pro Bowl and
In timber allocation auctions, companies purchase timber directly from the government. In electricity auctions, large-scale generators and distributors of electricity bid on generating contracts. Produce auctions link growers to localized wholesale buyers (buyers who are interested in acquiring large quantities of locally grown produce). Online auctions are a form of E-commerce that relies on the advantages of a digital platform's ability to overcome geographical constraints, provide real-time information and reduce transaction costs, bringing greater convenience to people and allowing more
Inc. 32 pages. The Bridge World Official Bridge Dictionary Bridge Guy's Glossary and Library Archived 2006-01-06 at the Wayback Machine BridgeHands Encyclopedia of Bridge Terms
Incendio (for burning objects) are cast using context-sensitive sparkles that indicate targets and automatically select the appropriate spell. Casting requires timing button presses, with failure resulting in restarting the sequence. The targeting system allows players to aim spells using either a first-person view or a lock-on feature with strafing capability. Quidditch involves flying on a broomstick to chase a Golden Snitch through preset rings, with three phases: flying through rings alone, racing rival Seekers, and catching the Snitch. Upon reaching
India actively aided and organized the Bangladeshi resistance army, the Mukti Bahini. In 1948, Governor-General Muhammad Ali Jinnah declared that "Urdu, and only Urdu" would be Pakistan's federal language. But Urdu was historically prevalent only in the north, central, and western subcontinent; in East Bengal, the native language was Bengali, one of the two most easterly branches of the Indo-European languages. Bengali speakers constituted over 56% of Pakistan's population. The government stand was widely viewed as an attempt to suppress
India as an opportunity for armed intervention. The country was dismembered, its economy shattered and the nation's self-confidence totally undermined." This statement of Bhutto has given rise to the myth of betrayal prevalent in modern Pakistan. This view was contradicted by the post-War Hamoodur Rahman Commission, ordered by Bhutto himself, which in its 1974 report indicted generals of the Pakistan Army for creating conditions which led to the eventual loss of East Pakistan and for inept handling of military operations
India over East Pakistan, but much of the report remains classified. In 1974, Tikka Khan led the counterinsurgency military operation in Balochistan and successfully crushed Baloch independence movement. In 1976, he provided his support to Ghulam Ishaq Khan and Bhutto to expand the clandestine nuclear weapons programme. The same year, Tikka Khan was preparing to retire from the military, and evaluated the eight serving lieutenant generals who were his potential successors as chief of army staff. When asked by Bhutto
India, the heraldic crown was altered to give it a more imperial form by making the arches semi-circular. After the accession of Edward VII, the War Office raised the issue of a standardised design of the crown for use by the British Army, as several crowns of different patterns were in use. In 1901, the king decided on a "Tudor" crown design based on the crown of Henry VII, as "chosen and always used by Queen Victoria personally". This style
India. The Pakistan Navy was in no condition to fight an offensive war in deep water against the Indian Navy, and neither was it in a condition to mount a serious defence against Indian Navy's seaborne encroachment. In the western theatre of the war, the Indian Navy's Western Naval Command, under Vice admiral S.N. Kohli, successfully launched a surprise attack on the port of Karachi on the night of 4/5 December 1971 under the codename Trident. The naval attack involving
Indian Cabinet had asked General Manekshaw (Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff Committee) to "Go into East Pakistan". Hostile relations in the past between India and Pakistan added to India's decision to intervene in Pakistan's civil war. Major General J. F. R. Jacob, Chief of Staff of India's Eastern Command, devised and executed the brilliant capture of Dhaka, bypassing other towns on the way there which brought about the surrender of the Pakistani commander of its Eastern Forces, A.A.K. Niazi
Indian Eastern Naval Command, under Vice Admiral Nilakanta Krishnan, completely isolated East Pakistan by a naval blockade in the Bay of Bengal, trapping the Eastern Pakistan Navy and eight foreign merchant ships in their ports. From 4 December onwards, the aircraft carrier INS Vikrant was deployed, and its Sea Hawk fighter-bombers attacked many coastal towns in East Pakistan, including Chittagong and Cox's Bazar. India also launched an amphibious assault, Operation Beaver, near Cox's Bazar on 14 December 1971 due to
Indian attack, as they had been deployed in small units around the border to counter the guerrilla attacks by the Mukti Bahini. Unable to defend Dacca, the Pakistanis surrendered on 16 December 1971. The Indian Air Force carried out several sorties against Pakistan, and within a week, IAF aircraft dominated the skies of East Pakistan. It achieved near-total air supremacy by the end of the first week, as the entire Pakistani air contingent in the east, PAF No.14 Squadron, was
Indian overstay revived Bangladeshi anxieties of Hindu control. Many were concerned that Mujib was permitting Indian interference in the country's internal matters and many in the Bangladeshi army resented his attachment with India. Whilst India enjoyed excellent relations with Bangladesh during the Awami League tenures, relations deteriorated when the Bangladesh Nationalist Party assumed power. A 2014 Pew Research Center opinion poll found that 27% of Bangladeshis were wary of India. However, 70% of Bangladeshis held a positive view of India:
Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi accusing her of aggression against Pakistan, which endeared him to all Pakistanis. In addition to these three countries, an unidentified Middle Eastern ally also supplied Pakistan with Mirage IIIs. Awards and decorations of the Bangladesh Liberation War Liberation War Museum Movement demanding trial of war criminals (Bangladesh) NAP-Communist Party-Students Union Special Guerrilla Forces Kader Bahini Irregular military The Liberation war of Bangladesh at Banglapedia Handwritten Constitution of Bangladesh 1971 Bangladesh Genocide Archive Freedom In the
Indo-Pak War: A Soldier's Narrative, Pakistan Army's Major General Hakeem Arshad Qureshi, a veteran of this conflict, noted: We must accept the fact that, as a people, we had also contributed to the bifurcation of our own country. It was not a Niazi, or a Yahya, even a Mujib, or a Bhutto, or their key assistants, who alone were the cause of our break-up, but a corrupted system and a flawed social order that our own apathy had allowed to
Indonesia breaks out, causing at least 137 deaths. May 25 – A military coup in Sierra Leone replaces President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah with Major Johnny Paul Koroma. May 27 – The fourth-deadliest tornado of the 1990s hits in Jarrell, Texas, killing 27 people and causing extreme damage in the Double Creek Estates. May 31 – The 13-kilometer Confederation Bridge, the world's longest bridge spanning ice-covered waters, opens between Prince Edward Island and New Brunswick, Canada. June 1 Socialist Party-led Centre-left
IndustriALL, the International Transport Workers' Federation, the International Federation of Journalists, the International Arts and Entertainment Alliance and Public Services International. Union law varies from country to country, as does the function of unions. For example, German and Dutch unions have played a greater role in management decisions through participation in supervisory boards and co-determination than other countries. Moreover, in the United States, collective bargaining is most commonly undertaken by unions directly with employers, whereas in Austria, Denmark, Germany or
Internationale and by major kennel clubs (The Kennel Club (UK) in the Toy Group, and the United Kennel Club (US) in the Companion Group), using standards-based upon the Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard. The breed is not recognised by the New Zealand Kennel Club or the Australian National Kennel Council. It also may be recognised in the English-speaking world by any of the very large numbers of minor registries, clubs, and internet-based dog registry businesses. In the United States, another standard
Iran and Pakistan established relations on 14 August 1947, the day of the independence of Pakistan, when Iran became the first country to recognize Pakistan. Both countries have a complex relationship, with formed alliances in a number of areas of mutual interest, such as combating the drug trade along their border and the insurgency in Balochistan; but also with conflicts as Pakistan and Iran have been at odds with each other, such as the Iran–Turkey proxy conflict which Pakistan takes
Iranian indecisiveness on different issues, especially prices. The Iran-Pakistan-India (denoted as IPI Pipeline) project was planned in 1995 and after almost 15 years India finally decided to quit the project in 2008 despite severe energy crises in that country. In February 2007, India and Pakistan agreed to pay Iran US$4.93 per million BTUs (US$4.67/GJ) but some details relating to price adjustment remained open to further negotiation. Since 2008, Pakistan began facing severe criticism from the United States over any kind
Irish Free State when it separated from the United Kingdom in 1922. They were registered as the arms of Ireland with the Chief Herald of Ireland on 9 November 1945. The depiction of the harp has changed over time. When the arms were restored as the arms of the independent Irish state in 1922, a late-medieval Gaelic harp (a cláirseach), the Trinity College Harp, was used as a model. Several variants of the arms of Ireland exist, including a heraldic
Irregular military The Liberation war of Bangladesh at Banglapedia Handwritten Constitution of Bangladesh 1971 Bangladesh Genocide Archive Freedom In the Air, The Daily Star Eyewitness Accounts: Genocide in Bangladesh The women of 1971. Tales of abuse and rape by the Pakistan Army 1971 Massacre in Bangladesh and the Fallacy in the Hamoodur Rahman Commission Report, Dr. M.A. Hasan Women of Pakistan Apologize for War Crimes, 1996 Sheikh Mujib wanted a confederation: US papers, by Anwar Iqbal, Dawn, 7 July 2005
Is to Love Him" began to get airplay. The title was inscribed on Spector's father's tombstone, as "To Know Him Was To Love Him". It went on to become a global hit. The record stayed in the Billboard Hot 100 for 23 weeks, in the Top Ten for 11 of those weeks, and commanded the number 1 chart position for three weeks. It also reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart. It sold over two and a half million
Islamabad, the controversial One Unit programme established the two wings of East and West Pakistan. West Pakistanis' opposition to these efforts made it difficult to effectively govern both wings. In 1969, President Yahya Khan announced the first general elections and disestablished the status of West Pakistan as a single province in 1970, in order to restore it to its original heterogeneous status comprising four provinces, as defined at the time of establishment of Pakistan in 1947. In addition, there were
Islamic insurgence". Reciprocating Zia-ul-Haq's sentiments, Khomeini, in a letter, called for Muslim unity. He declared: "Ties with Pakistan are based on Islam." According to the Sahifeh-ye Imam, in May 1988 (15 Shawwal 1408), responding to Zia's greeting card on Eid al-Fitr, Khomeini sent peace and mercy upon Zia. Relations between Shi'a-majority Iran and Sunni-majority Pakistan became greatly strained due to sectarian tensions in the 1980s, as Pakistani Shi'a Muslims claimed that they were being discriminated against under the Sunni-biased Islamization
Islamism and Humanism, and provided guaranteed equal human rights to all. The military was heavily reconstructed and heavily reorganised, with President Bhutto appointing chiefs of staff in each inter-service, contrary to C-in-Cs, and making instruction on human rights compulsory in the military syllabus in each branch of inter-services. Major investments were directed towards modernising the navy. The military's chain of command was centralized in Joint Staff Headquarters (JS HQ) led by an appointed Chairman Joint Chiefs Committee to coordinate military
Islamist uprisings, protect its interests in Central Asia and also as a response to established or growing American influence/dominance in the Middle East – notably in Israel, Iran (until the 1979 revolution), Iraq, and many other Arab states. In 1980, Iraq's invasion of Iran with backing from both superpowers (the United States and the Soviet Union) and other major powers improved an internationally isolated Iran's dysfunctional ties with Pakistan. During the Soviet-Afghan War, Pakistan alongside other major powers such as
It does not fit in to the genre of autobiography, memoir or monograph, but can be considered part reminiscence, part reflection, part history and part exploration in to the life of Kissinger and his experiences with China. The book has received various reviews since its release in 2011. The response to Kissinger was polarising with the book receiving varying responses from several newspapers and individuals. On China is the 13th book written by Henry Alfred Kissinger (1923–2023), completed by him
It had insufficient numbers of telephone lines and handheld police radios to assess and respond to the situation. Finally, the site had no televisions, which meant that as live broadcasts of unrest began, command post officers could not see any of the coverage. After the retreat of officers at 71st and Normandie, many proceeded one block south to the intersection of Florence and Normandie. As the crowd began to turn physically dangerous, Bartholomew managed to flee the scene with the
It has the largest number of internet and broadband users, with over 1.125 billion Internet users as of December 2025—equivalent to around 80.1% of its population. By 2018, China had more than 1 billion 4G users, accounting for 40% of world's total. As of December 2023, China had over 810 million 5G users and 3.38 million base stations installed. China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, are the three large providers of mobile and internet in China. Combined, the three
It is used in Acol, the Blue Team Club and EHAA. Four-deal bridge See Chicago. Fourth A player needed to complete a table, usually said of rubber bridge. Of four-card suit length: for example, Q987 is referred to as "queen fourth" or "queen-fourth". Fourth hand The fourth player with an opportunity to bid, or to play to a trick. Fourth suit forcing (FSF, or 4SF) The initial use of a bid of the fourth suit as forcing to some level.
It received positive reviews from critics, many of whom praised the action sequences, writing, themes, performances, and music. The film was also a commercial success, grossing over $130 million worldwide, making it one of the highest-grossing films of 1984 and Hollywood's biggest sleeper hit of the year. The Karate Kid revitalized the acting career of Morita, who was previously known mostly for comedic roles, and it earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. The film
It was clearly adventurous for its era but, with the best will in the world, it is not difficult to see why Wilson's [...] fellow Beach Boys balked at releasing it." Mojo's Jim Irvin was similarly underwhelmed; although he enjoyed the songs, he wrote, "To claim that this show was transcendent is to disregard the figure at its heart, a bewildered-looking man of 61 who barely plays the piano he's perched behind. [...] its [sic] hard to feel uplifted, as
Jackson's Colored Sacred Harp (1934, last reprinted in 1993) Seven-shape tunebooks such as The Christian Harmony (last revised in 2010) and Harmonia Sacra (last revised in 2008) Contemporary tunebooks such as the Shenandoah Harmony (2013). Sacred Harp singing normally occurs not in church services, but in special gatherings or "singings" arranged for the purpose. Singings can be local, regional, statewide, or national. Small singings are often held in homes, with perhaps only a dozen singers. Large singings have been known
Janet (2016). Farm dogs: a comprehensive breed guide to 93 guardians, herders, terriers and other canine working partners. North Adams, MA: Storey Publishing. ISBN 9781612125930. Weird But True! 4: 300 Outrageous Facts. Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Kids. 2018. ISBN 978-1-4263-3110-7. Retrieved 2019-12-22. Woolf, Norma Bennet (2007). Hot dogs:fourteen of the top designer dogs. Hauppauge, New York: B.E.S. Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7641-3512-5.
January 1 Ivan Graziani, Italian singer-songwriter and guitarist, 51 Townes Van Zandt, country-folk musician, 52 January 2 – Randy California, rock guitarist, 45 (drowned) January 5 – Burton Lane, composer and lyricist, 84 January 10 – Kenny Pickett, vocalist (The Creation), 54 January 18 – Keith Diamond, songwriter, 46 January 21 – Colonel Tom Parker, manager of Elvis Presley, 87 January 22 Richard Berry, songwriter (notably wrote "Louie Louie"), 61 Billy Mackenzie, Scottish vocalist of The Associates, 39 (suicide) January
January 22 Richard Berry, songwriter (notably wrote "Louie Louie"), 61 Billy Mackenzie, Scottish vocalist of The Associates, 39 (suicide) January 27 – Gerald Marks, American songwriter, 96 February 10 – Brian Connolly, vocalist (Sweet), 51 (liver failure) February 23 – Tony Williams, jazz drummer, 51 March 3 – Finn Høffding, Danish composer, 97 March 9 – The Notorious B.I.G., rapper, 24 (shot) March 10 – LaVern Baker, R & B singer, 67 March 17 – Jermaine Stewart, vocalist, 39 (AIDS)
Jaqui Bonet (born 1987), Jerry Rice Jr. (born 1991), and Jada Symone (born 1996). Jerry Jr., who attended high school at Menlo School in Atherton, California, graduated in 2009. He was a walk-on at UCLA and redshirted his first season. After three seasons and limited playing time, Jerry Jr. graduated from UCLA and transferred to UNLV, and was eligible to play immediately. He played wide receiver for the Rebels and participated in a 49ers local pro day before the 2014
Jay Leno and Lopez Tonight. He has frequently starred in commercials. Wilson became a Christian at the age of 23. He has adopted a gesture of crossing his arms, with his left hand in his glove and his right hand underneath pointing with the index finger while looking at the sky, which both honors The Holy Trinity as well as his late father who died of cancer when Wilson was 17. He performs it when he records a save or
Jenny Jules Ron Weasley: David Abeles Draco Malfoy: Tom Felton Ginny Potter: Erica Sweany Albus Potter: Nicholas Podany Both parts of the stage play's script have been released in print and digital formats as Harry Potter and the Cursed Child – Parts One and Two. The first edition, the Special Rehearsal Edition, corresponded to the script used in the preview shows and was published on 31 July 2016, the date of Harry's birthday in the series and Rowling's birthday, as
Jerry Lee Rice (born October 13, 1962) is an American former professional football wide receiver who played for 20 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He won three Super Bowl titles with the San Francisco 49ers before two shorter stints at the end of his career with the Oakland Raiders and Seattle Seahawks. For his accomplishments and numerous records, Rice is widely regarded as the greatest wide receiver of all time and one of the greatest players in NFL
Jerry Lee Rice Jr. (born July 27, 1991) is an American former football wide receiver. He played college football for the UCLA Bruins and UNLV Rebels. He was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent in 2014, but did not play in an NFL game. Rice is the son of Pro Football Hall of Fame receiver Jerry Rice. Rice was born in Atherton, California and graduated from Menlo School. He played college football at the University of
Jet aircraft took part in the opening sequence flyovers. For episode 2, the list included 5.11 Tactical. A DHL Boeing 757 was featured in the opening sequence of episode 5, the tent was located in Rotterdam and the DHL logo is featured on part of the crash barrier at the Eboladrome. In September 2024, Hammond confirmed reports that Amazon would likely continue the show with new presenters set to replace him, Clarkson and May. In May 2025, The Sun newspaper
Jewish people; neither does it look like a harp in its structure and appearance". In Sicilian it is translated as marranzanu or mariolu; both of which are derogatory terms for Jewish people also found in Italian and Spanish. In German, it is known as Maultrommel, which translates directly to 'mouth drum'. The name "Jew's Harp" first appears in 1481 in a customs account book under the name "Jue harpes". The "jaw" variant is attested at least as early as 1774
Jigme Singye Wangchuck, the fourth King of Bhutan in June 1974. The US government stood by its old ally Pakistan in terms of diplomacy and military threats. US president Richard Nixon and his National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger feared Soviet expansion into South and Southeast Asia. Pakistan was a close ally of the People's Republic of China, with which Nixon had been negotiating a rapprochement and which he intended to visit in February 1972. Nixon feared that an Indian invasion
John Bell, Scottish actor October 23 – Zach Callison, American actor and voice actor October 26 – Rhenzy Feliz, American actor and singer October 28 – Sierra McCormick, American actress November 1 Max Burkholder, American actor Alex Wolff, American actor and musician November 6 – Hero Fiennes Tiffin, English actor, model and producer November 8 – Dominique Thorne, American actress November 13 – Brent and Shane Kinsman, American twin child actors November 18 – Noah Ringer, American actor November 26
John Kreese. Luke Carberry as Harry (哈里; Hālǐ), a boy who befriends Dre. Based on Freddy Fernandez. Shijia Lü (吕世佳) as Liang (梁子浩; Liáng Zǐhào), a friend and classmate of Cheng's. Based on Bobby Brown. Ji Wang (王 姬) as Mrs. Po (博太太; Bó-tàitai), the principal of Dre's new school. Zhensu Wu (武振素) as Meiying's father. Based on Mr. Mills. Zhiheng Wang (王志恒) as Meiying's mother. Based on Mrs. Mills. Yi Zhao (赵 毅) as Zhuang (秦壮壮; Qín Zhuàngzhuàng), a
Jordanian, Irish, and British football coaches, as part of the Football 4 Peace project. The flag of Europe consists of a circle of 12 golden stars on a blue background. Originally designed in 1955 for the Council of Europe, the flag was adopted by the European Communities, the predecessors of the present European Union, in 1986. The Council of Europe gave the flag a symbolic description in the following terms, although the official symbolic description adopted by the EU omits
July 1972, the Indo-Pakistani summit was held in Simla, Himachal Pradesh, India where the Simla Agreement was reached and signed between President Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. The treaty provided insurance to Bangladesh that Pakistan recognised Bangladesh's sovereignty, in exchange for the return of the Pakistani POWs. Over the next five months, India released more than 90,000 war prisoners, with Lieutenant-General A.A.K. Niazi being the last war prisoner to be handed over to Pakistan. The treaty also
July 2018, becoming the world's largest bilateral free trade deal when it went into effect on 1 February 2019, creating an open trade zone covering nearly one-third of global GDP. The total energy supply of the EU was 59 billion GJ in 2019, about 10.2 per cent of the world total. Approximately three fifths of the energy available in the EU came from imports (mostly of fossil fuels). Renewable energy contributed 18.1 per cent of the EU's total energy supply
July 30, 2013, Wilson agreed to a contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers for the remainder of the 2013 season. After a few weeks at the Dodgers training facility in Arizona, he began a minor league rehab assignment. Wilson joined the Dodgers' active roster on August 19 and made his debut with the team on August 22 against the Miami Marlins at Marlins Park. He appeared in 18 games for the Dodgers with a 2-1 record and a 0.66 ERA.
July, he opened a short-lived health food store, the Radiant Radish, with cousin Steve Korthof and associate Arny Geller. In August, the Beach Boys' publishing company, Sea of Tunes, sold their song catalog to Irving Almo Music for $700,000 ($6.15 million in 2025). Wilson signed the consent form under pressure from his father. Marilyn later stated that the sale emotionally devastated him: "It killed him. Killed him. I don't think he talked for days. [...] Brian took it as Murry
Justo Sierra has suggested in his Political Evolution of the Mexican People that, had Mexico not defeated the French in Puebla on May 5, 1862, France would have gone to the aid of the Confederate States of America in the American Civil War and the United States' destiny could have been different. On May 9, 1862, President Juárez declared that the anniversary of the Battle of Puebla would be a national holiday regarded as "Battle of Puebla Day" or "Battle
Kahuta Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, British India (now Punjab, Pakistan). After his education in Rawalpindi, he joined the Army Cadet College in Nowgong, Madhya Pradesh in 1933 and joined the British Indian Army as a sepoy in 1935; he gained his commission in the army from the Indian Military Academy on 22 December 1940. During these early years, he was known to be a particularly good boxer. He participated in World War II and fought with the 2nd Field Regiment,
Kakutani also illuminates Kissinger's soft-pedalling of the human costs of Mao's ruthless decades-long reign. Additionally, Kakutani questions the consequences of more recent American efforts to press human-rights issues with the Chinese. She suggested Kissinger is "chillingly cavalier" about the millions of people who died under Mao's rule, exhibiting ignorance and naivety about Mao under the many myths he created about himself. A review published by The Economist condemned Kissinger's On China as an inaccurate and problematic piece relating history and
Kamala Harris before undergoing a colonoscopy, making her acting president from 10:10 a.m. to 11:35 a.m. This is the first time a woman held the powers and duties of the president of the United States. After the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan on March 30, 1981, Vice President George H. W. Bush did not assume the presidential powers and duties as acting president. Reagan had been rushed into surgery with no opportunity to invoke Section 3; Bush did not invoke
Karate Kid entered the development in the late 2008. Variety reported at the time that the new film, to be produced by Will Smith, "has been refashioned as a star vehicle for Jaden Smith" and that it would "borrow elements from the original plot, wherein a bullied youth learns to stand up for himself with the help of an eccentric mentor". Jackie Chan told a Los Angeles Chinatown concert crowd in 2009 that he was leaving for Beijing to film
Karate Kid marked Horner's return to scoring after his work on the 2009 film Avatar. The score was released on June 15, 2010. Justin Bieber and Jaden Smith recorded the film's official theme song, "Never Say Never", written by Adam Messinger, Bieber, Travis Garland, Omarr Rambert, and others, and produced by The Messengers (Adam Messinger and Nasri Atweh). The music video was released on May 31, 2010. The film started with "Do You Remember" by Jay Sean featuring Sean Paul
Kennedy in 1963 underscored the need for a clear procedure for determining presidential disability, particularly since the new president, Lyndon B. Johnson, had once suffered a heart attack and—with the office of vice president to remain vacant until the next term began on January 20, 1965—the next two people in the line of succession were the 71-year-old speaker of the House, John W. McCormack, and the 86-year-old Senate president pro tempore, Carl Hayden. Senator Birch Bayh succeeded Kefauver as chairman
Khan appointed Brigadier (later General) Rahimuddin Khan to preside over a special tribunal prosecuting Rahman with multiple charges. The tribunal's sentence was never made public, but Yahya caused the verdict to be held in abeyance in any case. Other Awami League leaders were arrested as well, while a few fled Dacca to avoid arrest. The Awami League was banned by General Yahya Khan. The violence unleashed by the Pakistani forces on 25 March 1971 proved the last straw to the
Khan earned a reputation as a victor of Rann of Kutch and was credited widely by the Pakistani press for the victories, he gained over the Indian Army. He made a bold stand against the Indian Army's encirclement in the Sialkot sector in 1965. He later led the 15th Infantry Division in the Indo-Pakistani war of 1965. After President Ayub Khan handed over the presidency to his army chief General Yahya Khan in 1969, Tikka Khan was promoted to lieutenant
Khan handed over the presidency to his army chief General Yahya Khan in 1969, Tikka Khan was promoted to lieutenant general to command the IV Corps, stationed in Lahore. He was the martial law administrator of Punjab under President Yahya Khan who appointed him after replacing with Attiqur Rahman. His personality was well known in Pakistan as being tough and ruthless. In March 1971, Tikka Khan was sent to Dacca and left the post to Lieutenant General Bahadur Sher in
Khan repelled the Indian thrust at Lahore on 6 September 1965. Following victory at the Battle of Kasur, his division pushed the Indians back to the border and captured the district of Khemkaran in Indian Punjab, though further advances were checked. He then was able to repel multiple counter-attacks by the Indian Army in an effort to retake Khemkaran. After the Indo-Pak war of 1965, Khan was promoted to lieutenant general and served as the commander of I Corps, Pakistan's
Khan was a central figure in Yahya's military government along with several active duty military officials: As head of the army and the military operations during the Bangladesh Liberation War and the India–Pakistan war of 1971, he played a central role in directing Pakistan's Western front campaigns. He oversaw the launch of Operation Chengiz Khan, a preemptive strike on Indian airbases, aimed at crippling Indian airpower and initiating hostilities. Despite extensive planning, the operation inflicted only limited damage. On the
Khan was promoted to four-star rank and appointed as the first chief of army staff of the Pakistan Army in 1972. As an army chief, Tikka Khan provided support to the Pakistan nuclear programme alongside bureaucrat Ghulam Ishaq Khan. Upon retirement from the military in 1976, he was subsequently appointed as National Security Advisor by Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, only to be removed in 1977 as a result of enforced martial law. In the 1980s, he remained active as
Khan's funeral was marked by full military honors. After his death, the military government under General Zia-ul-Haq, which had taken power in a 1977 Pakistani military coup, accorded him a dignified military funeral. This ceremony reflected the respect given to a former military leader, acknowledging his service as the President and Chief Martial Law Administrator. The funeral was held in Peshawar, where Yahya was laid to rest at Circle Road Graveyard. The ceremony was attended by senior military officials and
Khan, worked in the Indian Imperial Police, in the Punjab province. He joined as a head constable and retired as a deputy superintendent. He was posted in Chakwal when Yahya Khan was born. Saadat was rewarded with the title of Khan Sahib for having disposed of the bodies of many independence activists, including Bhagat Singh, as they were executed in secrecy and the colonial authorities wanted to dispose of the corpses without attracting much attention, operations Saadat Ali Khan carried
Khan. His nephew Ahmed Ali was a Major who also served as Yahya's aide-de-camp from 1966 to 1969. A Time editorial writer wrote of Yahya in 1971, "His only known interest, outside of the military, is birds—all varieties." Yahya kept Australian parrots, cranes and swans at the President’s House. However, Yahya also had a keen interest in poetry, particularly the works of Shakespeare and Lord Byron. He often engaged in discussions about these poets, especially appreciating conversations with individuals fluent
Khan. In 1971, he took over the command of army's Eastern Command in East Pakistan and was appointed as Governor of East Pakistan, where he oversaw the planning and the military deployments to execute the military operations to quell the liberation war efforts by the Awami League. After commanding the II Corps in the war with India in 1971, Tikka Khan was promoted to four-star rank and appointed as the first chief of army staff of the Pakistan Army in
Khan’s tenure as the Commander-in-Chief of the Pakistan Army and later as President of Pakistan. In March 1969, Pakistan experienced severe political unrest and street protests against the regime of President Ayub Khan, largely driven by dissatisfaction with his policies and governance. Amid this chaos, General Yahya Khan, the then Commander-in-Chief of the Pakistan Army, removed Ayub and imposed martial law on 25 March 1969. Yahya took over as President of Pakistan, and in recognition of his loyalty and leadership,
Khatami met, and had detailed discussions, with both President Musharraf and the new Prime Minister Zafarullah Khan Jamali. Several accords were signed between Iran and Pakistan in this visit. Khatami also delivered a talk on "Dialogue Among Civilizations," at The Institute of Strategic Studies. The presidential delegation initially visited Islamabad, and then followed that up with a visit to Lahore, where Khatami also paid his respects at the tomb of Allama Sir Muhammad Iqbal. A Joint communique was issued by
Khemisti massacre: 93 villagers are killed in Algeria. A 126-day hostage crisis at the residence of the Japanese ambassador in Lima, Peru. April 23 – 42 villagers are killed in the Omaria massacre in Algeria. April 29 The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), CWC treaty enters into force. Two trains crash at Hunan, China; 126 are killed. May 1 – Tony Blair becomes Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, as the Labour Party wins the 1997 United
Kid winds up being so likable itself". Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave it a positive review, rating the film three and a half out of four stars, and calling it "a lovely and well-made film that stands on its own feet". Claudia Puig of USA Today and Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly each rated the film a 'B', stating "the chemistry between Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan grounds the movie, imbuing it with sincerity and poignance" and that
King of Arms, at Dublin Castle, in 1923. In January 1924, Major Wilkinson held discussions with Northern Irish officials in London regarding the coat of arms. The final design was completed by Wilkinson's deputy, Thomas Ulick Sadleir, for approval by the Northern Irish cabinet in April 1924. The artwork was approved and the Royal Warrant signed by King George V and issued through the Home Office on 2 August 1924 and registered in the Register of Arms in Dublin as
Kingdom John Major narrowly retains power. April 10 First Nagorno-Karabakh War: Maraga massacre – At least 43 Armenian civilians are killed as their village of Maraga, Azerbaijan, is captured and destroyed by the Azerbaijani Armed Forces. A Provisional Irish Republican Army bomb explodes at the Baltic Exchange in the City of London; three are killed, 91 injured. April 13 – The 5.3 Mw Roermond earthquake affects the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium with a maximum Mercalli intensity of VII (Very strong).
Kingdom, France, Germany and Japan to become the world's second-largest economy. However, the growth also severely impacted the country's resources and environment, and caused major social displacement. Xi Jinping succeeded Hu as paramount leader in 2012. Shortly after his ascension to power, Xi launched a vast anti-corruption crackdown, that prosecuted more than 2 million officials by 2022. During his tenure, Xi has consolidated power unseen since the initiation of economic and political reforms. China's landscape is vast and diverse, ranging
Kingdom, it was watched by 3.7 million viewers on television in 2017, making it the year's tenth most-watched film on UK multichannel television. The film spawned a franchise of related items and memorabilia such as action figures, headbands, posters, T-shirts, and a video game. A novelization was made by B. B. Hiller and published in 1984. The novel had a scene that was in the rehearsal when Daniel encounters Johnny during school at lunch. Also at the end, there was
Kissinger normalised U.S. and Chinese relations by connecting with high ranking Chinese officials; opening the US up to China. Kissinger arranged a secret meeting in China in 1971 and Richard Nixon's 1972 visit to China. The 1972 Summit between the U.S. and China opened communication, trade, and agreement on certain principles of international conduct. Kissinger's On China is a combination of history, personal narrative, political analysis and reflection being compiled in to 17 chapters. One reviewer delineates the book is
Korea provoked widespread unrest. Under the succeeding Tang and Song dynasties, Chinese economy, technology, and culture entered a golden age. The Tang dynasty retained control of the Western Regions and the Silk Road, which brought traders to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa, and made the capital Chang'an a cosmopolitan urban center. However, it was devastated and weakened by the An Lushan rebellion in the 8th century. In 907, the Tang disintegrated completely when the local military
Korean American resident later told reporters: "It was containment. The police cut off Koreatown traffic, while we were trapped on the other side without help. Those roads are a gateway to a richer neighborhood. It can't be denied." Some Koreans later said they did not expect law enforcement to come to their aid. The lack of law enforcement forced Koreatown civilians to organize their own armed security teams, mainly composed of store owners, to defend their businesses from rioters. Those
Korean communities significantly worsened after this, and the former became increasingly mistrustful of the criminal justice system. Tensions between African Americans and Korean American store owners in South Central Los Angeles were already signaled in the 1991 Ice Cube song "Black Korea." The Los Angeles Times reported on several other significant incidents of violence between the communities at the time: Other recent incidents involve the tragic events of May 25, 1991, where two employees at a liquor store near 35th
Koreans were treated for post-traumatic stress disorder, which included insomnia and a sense of helplessness and muscle pain. In reaction, many Korean Americans worked to create political and social empowerment. As a result of the LA riots, Korean Americans formed activist organizations such as the Association of Korean American Victims. They built collaborative links with other ethnic groups through groups like the Korean American Coalition. A week after the riots, in the largest Asian American protest ever held in a
Koreatown congregated at the California Market. On the first night after the officers' verdicts were returned, Richard Rhee, the market owner, set up camp in the parking lot with about 20 armed employees. One year after the riots, fewer than one in four damaged or destroyed businesses had reopened, according to the survey conducted by the Korean American Inter-Agency Council. According to a Los Angeles Times survey conducted eleven months after the riots, almost 40 percent of Korean Americans said
Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 9). The Court of Justice of the EU (ECJ) participates only as an observer to preserve its judicial impartiality (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 8). The Interinstitutional EU Ethics Body (or IBES, for Interinstitutional Body for Ethical Standards, as mentioned in the EPRS briefing) faces specific legal and constitutional constraints. Functioning through the "contractual" conjunction of each participating institution, the body operates primarily as a formal mechanism for coordination rather
Kuomintang to form the Second United Front to fight the Japanese. The Second Sino-Japanese War ended in a Chinese victory; however, the CCP and the Kuomintang resumed their civil war. In 1949, the CCP proclaimed the People's Republic of China and forced the Kuomintang-led government to retreat to the island of Taiwan. The country was split, with both sides claiming to be the legitimate government. Following the implementation of land reforms, attempts by the CCP to realize communism failed: the
L. Williams named by the Police Commission days before the riots, was forced to resign on June 28, 1992. Some areas of the city saw temporary truces between the rival Crips and Bloods gangs, as well as between rival Latino gangs, which fueled speculation among LAPD officers that the truce was going to be used to unite the gangs against the department. In addition to the catalyst of the verdicts in the excessive force trial, various other factors have been
LaRusso. Taraji P. Henson as Sherry Parker (雪莉∙帕克; Xuělì Pàkè), Dre's mother. Based on Lucille LaRusso. Wenwen Han (韩雯雯) as Meiying (美莹; Měiyíng), a violinist and Dre Parker's love interest. Based on Ali Mills. Zhenwei Wang as Cheng (陆伟程; Lù Wěichéng) Based on Johnny Lawrence. Yu Rongguang as Master Li (李师傅 Lǐ-shīfu). The main antagonist of the film. Based on John Kreese. Luke Carberry as Harry (哈里; Hālǐ), a boy who befriends Dre. Based on Freddy Fernandez. Shijia Lü (吕世佳)
Landy's program. On November 5, the group falsely informed Wilson that he was destitute and no longer a Beach Boy, insisting he reenlist Landy as his caretaker to continue receiving his touring income. Landy had agreed to resume treatment only if granted complete control over Wilson's affairs and promised rehabilitation within two years. Wilson acquiesced and was taken to Hawaii, where he was isolated from friends and family and placed on a strict diet and health regimen. Combined with counseling
Langford, Australian actress August 25 Holly Gibbs, English child actress Bryana Salaz, American actress and singer August 28 – Emilia McCarthy, Canadian actress August 30 – Dana Gaier, American actress September 7 – Dean-Charles Chapman, English actor September 9 – Tallulah Haddon, British actress September 11 – Michelle Randolph, American actress September 12 – Sydney Sweeney, American actress September 16 – Elena Kampouris, American actress September 19 – Jayme Lawson, American actress September 30 – Havana Rose Liu, American actress,
Laogai Research Foundation has estimated in June 2008 that there were nearly 1,422 of these facilities, though it cautioned that this number was likely an underestimate. Political concerns in China include the growing gap between rich and poor and government corruption. Nonetheless, international surveys show the Chinese public have a high level of satisfaction with their government. These views are generally attributed to the material comforts and security available to large segments of the Chinese populace as well as the
Larry Fitzgerald broke both of them in 2008. After the 1988 season, 49ers head coach Bill Walsh retired from coaching after much speculation, and was to be replaced by George Seifert; Rice was saddened by this, referring to Walsh his "West Coast father". Rice started off the season strong with six receptions for 163 receiving yards and one receiving touchdown in a 30–24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts. In the following game, against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, he had eight
Lat hasta < Frk *harst "grill" < Gmc, cf OHG harst "roast", Dut harsten "to roast") hâtelet hâtelettes hâtereau hâtrier hâteur hâte "haste" hâter hâtif hâtier "spit-rest" hâtif "hasty, forward" hâtiveté hâtiveau hauban (Naut.) "stay, shroud" haubaner haubert "hauberk" ( < OFr hauberc, halberc < Frk *halsberg < Gmc, cf MHG halsberc) haubergeon haut "high" ( < OFr haut, halt conflation of Lat altus and Frk *hauh < Gmc, cf OE hēah "high") hautain hautesse hauteur hautain "haughty" hautbois "hautbois"
Laurence Olivier Awards. A Broadway production opened at the Lyric Theatre on 22 April 2018. That production received ten nominations and won six awards, including Best Play at the 2018 Tony Awards. An Australian production opened at the Princess Theatre in Melbourne, on 23 February 2019. A second American production opened in San Francisco at the Curran Theatre on 1 December 2019. The first non-English production opened at the Mehr! Theater in Hamburg, Germany, on 5 December 2021. A Canadian
Laydown. SPS A Suit Preference Signal, a card played by a defender to show interest in or an entry in a side suit. Squeeze A playing technique that forces the defender to discard a vital card, usually an apparent stopper. Squeeze card A card whose lead forces one or both defenders to discard their guard in a suit. Stack A distribution of cards in defenders' hands that might make the play difficult for declarer. The defenders' trumps, for example, could
Lead-directing double, Responsive double and Support double. Double dummy (Adjective or adverb.) Said of a play or line of play that seems to be made with knowledge of all four hands, as if there were at least two dummies visible. Contrast Single dummy. When said of the defenders jointly, "double dummy defense" suggests that that pair knows all four hands and agrees on both goals and tactics such as falsecards, as if the cards were visible and they discussed those
League. Zoom (z) In a relay system, the facility to joining into the next level of answers without needing to hear a new relay from partner. Usually, after servant has the highest possible answer for the level s/he is answering, s/he can jump into the next level assuming the captain made a virtual new relay, saving bidding space. Glossary of card game terms Baron, Randall, ed. (1993). The Bridge Player's Dictionary. Louisville, KY: Devyn Press, Inc. ISBN 0-939460-50-5. 277 pages.
Lens Luxation Test Results. Retrieved September 12, 2012. History of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier United Teddy Roosevelt Terrier Club of America American Teddy Roosevelt Terrier Club The Bench Legged Fyce
Lieutenant Kijé ("its interweaved and repeated melodic strands"), Miles Davis' Kind of Blue ("its sheer contemplative beauty"), and the work of George Gershwin and Aaron Copland ("its appropriation of American folk"). In his review for Mojo, Mark Paytress rated BWPS higher than the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, as well as any "latter-day art-rock classic, say, Radiohead's OK Computer". Acknowledging the "issues of authenticity that arise out of this 'reconstruction'", he added, "as someone with a small collection
Lincoln's assassination was one of several that encompassed nearly an entire four-year term. In 1868, Johnson was impeached by the House of Representatives and came one vote short of being removed from office by the Senate in his impeachment trial. Had Johnson been removed, President pro tempore Benjamin Wade would have become acting president in accordance with the Presidential Succession Act of 1792. After several periods of incapacity due to severe health problems, President Dwight D. Eisenhower attempted to clarify
Lions. Rice caught 98 receptions for 1,503 yards and 15 touchdowns in the 1993 season; both his receiving yards and touchdown numbers led the league. He was awarded his second career NFL Offensive Player of The Year Award, along with being selected to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. San Francisco finished the season 10–6, and made the postseason. Rice and the 49ers won in the Divisional Round against the New York Giants, but once again lost in the
List of NFL annual receptions leaders List of NFL receiving touchdowns leaders List of NFL annual scoring leaders List of NFL individual records Pro Football Hall of Fame profile Jerry Rice at the College Football Hall of Fame Career statistics from NFL.com · ESPN · Yahoo Sports · Pro Football Reference Jerry Rice at IMDb
List of New Zealand Test cricket records List of Pakistan Test cricket records List of South Africa Test cricket records List of Sri Lanka Test cricket records List of West Indies Test cricket records List of Zimbabwe Test cricket records List of Cricket records List of One Day International cricket records List of Test cricket records at the Adelaide Oval List of Twenty20 International records Records – Test matches at ESPNcricinfo Test Records Cricket-Records.com Wisden Records in Test Matches Wisden
List of Twenty20 International records Records – Test matches at ESPNcricinfo Test Records Cricket-Records.com Wisden Records in Test Matches Wisden
List of animated feature films of 1997 List of avant-garde films of 1997 List of crime films of 1997 List of comedy films of 1997 List of drama films of 1997 List of horror films of 1997 List of science fiction films of 1997 List of thriller films of 1997 List of western films of 1997 January 2 – Melis Sezen, Turkish actress January 17 – Jake Paul, American YouTuber, actor and boxer January 21 – Jeremy Shada, American actor
List, Vanessa Rubio, and Dallas Dupree Young. Martin Kove and Thomas Ian Griffith also reprise their roles as the antagonists John Kreese and Terry Silver from the original film series. Cobra Kai re-examines The Karate Kid films as Johnny's "redemption story" that questions his role as a villain, and also introduces the struggles that both Daniel and Johnny face with their respective father figures. Cobra Kai attained high viewership on both YouTube and Netflix, and received critical acclaim for its
Little shapes ultimately prevailed. Shape notes became very popular, and during the first part of the nineteenth century, a whole series of shape note tunebooks appeared, many of which were widely distributed. As the population spread west and south, the tradition of shape note singing expanded geographically. Composition flourished, with the new music often drawing on the tradition of folk song for tunes and inspiration. Probably the most successful shape note book prior to The Sacred Harp was William Walker's
Live, causing huge controversy. October 4 The government of Mozambique signs the Rome General Peace Accords with leaders of RENAMO, ending the 16-year-old Mozambican Civil War. Israeli cargo plane El Al Flight 1862 crashes into residential buildings in Amsterdam's Bijlmermeer, Netherlands, after taking off from Schiphol Airport and losing two engines, killing all 4 people on board and 39 on the ground. October 6 – Lennart Meri becomes the first President of Estonia after regaining independence. The Estonian Government in
London commissioned Wilson to create a new song cycle in the style of Smile. Collaborating with Scott Bennett, Wilson reconfigured a collection of recently written songs into That Lucky Old Sun, a semi-autobiographical conceptual piece about California. A studio-recorded version of the work was released as his seventh solo album in September 2008 and received generally favorable reviews. In 2009, Wilson was approached by Walt Disney Records to record a Disney songs album, agreeing only if he could also record
London premiere" but also said that "for each wobble, there are just as many moments when The Grand Tour manages the clever trick Top Gear could pull off at its best: raising a chuckle while sneaking in a bit of serious journalism at the same time." and ultimately gave the episode 3 out of 5 stars. Jeremy Clarkson himself believed that they had "hit the ground running with series 2 of the Grand Tour". Richard Hammond was criticised by Stonewall
Los Angeles County District Attorney charged four police officers, including one sergeant, with assault and use of excessive force. Due to the extensive media coverage of the arrest, the trial received a change of venue from Los Angeles County to Simi Valley in neighboring Ventura County. The jury had no members who were entirely African American. The jury was composed of nine white Americans (three women, six men), one biracial man, one Latin American woman, and one Asian-American woman. The
Los Angeles, a show which featured the Wondermints performing "Surf's Up". After the concert, Wilson remarked to Paley, "If I'd had these guys back in '67, I could've taken Smile on the road." In late 1998, the Wondermints, at the invitation of Wilson's wife and then-manager Melinda Ledbetter, joined his newly formed touring band, a group that included guitarist Jeffrey Foskett, multi-instrumentalist Scott Bennett, reed player Paul Mertens, bassist Bob Lizik, and backing vocalist Taylor Mills. A successful initial tour
Los Angeles, to recognize Wilson as an "alternative music hero". Stereolab and the Elephant 6 collective, whose roster included Apples in Stereo, of Montreal and the Olivia Tremor Control, were all heavily influenced by Wilson. In Japan, references to Wilson and his "mad boy genius" legend became a common trope among Shibuya-kei (渋谷系) musicians such as Cornelius. In 2000, Marina Records released Caroline Now!, an album of Wilson's songs recorded by artists including Alex Chilton, Kim Fowley, the Aluminum Group,
Los Angeles. In mid-2016 DHL began sponsoring the transport costs of the tent and mobile studio. In June 2016, in connection with the sponsorship deal, the presenters had uploaded videos of themselves attempting to assemble DHL-branded shipping boxes. The first episode stated that "promotional consideration" had been given by the Breitling Jet Team, DHL and Samsung. Eight of the Breitling Jet aircraft took part in the opening sequence flyovers. For episode 2, the list included 5.11 Tactical. A DHL Boeing
Lott and Roger Craig had left in free agency, making Rice "the last of the Mohicans" as he described himself, the only remaining star player from San Francisco's 80s dynasty. Rice started the season with six receiving touchdowns in the first four games, which included a 150-yard game against the San Diego Chargers in Week 2. In Week 7, against the Atlanta Falcons, he had seven receptions for 138 yards and one touchdown in the 39–34 loss. Rice recorded 80
Love rejected Wilson as its author and argued that he was "not in charge of his life, like I am mine". Wilson is widely regarded as one of the most innovative and important songwriters of the late 20th century. From 1962 to 1979, he wrote or co-wrote over two dozen U.S. top 40 hits for the Beach Boys, with eleven reaching the top 10, including the number-ones "I Get Around" (1964), "Help Me, Rhonda" (1965), and "Good Vibrations" (1966). Three
Lovin' Feelin'", "Be My Baby", and Burt Bacharach's "Here I Am", the latter composer being often overlooked by scholars as an influence. Wilson named Bacharach, alongside Spector and Chuck Berry, as his main chordal influences, and said that Bacharach had a "profound" influence that "got me going in a direction". In the late-1960s, Wilson produced renditions of Bacharach's "My Little Red Book" and "Walk On By", both withheld from release. Wilson was also significantly influenced by Frankie Valli and the
M. Conquest equipped with Hawker Hunter and HAL HF-24 Marut also bombed the Pakistani units. By 7 December the Battle of Longewala was decisively won by India. Pakistani I Corps attempted to cut Indian transport lines between Punjab and Jammu by advancing on the Shakargarh sector on 6 December. Lt Gen Irshad Ahmed Khan commanded two infantry and one armored division into battle. The region was heavily reinforced by the Indian I Corps commanded by Lt Gen Khem Karan Singh
MLG mucken "to grumble") moquerie moqueur morille (Bot.) "morel" morne "downcast, dull" motte "clod, mound" moue "pout" mouette "seagull, mew" moufle "glove, muffler" moufle (Chem.) "muffle"; system of pulleys" mouron (Bot.) "pimpernel" mousse "blunt" émousser mousse (Bot.) "moss"; "foam, mousse" mousser mousser "to foam" moussoir moussu mousseux mousseron "mushroom" mufle "snout, muzzle" muflier mulot "fieldmouse" musard "trifler; loitering" museau "muzzle" museler "to muzzle" muselière emmuseler muser "to dawdle" musard amuser musser "to hide" nabot "dwarf" ( < OFr nimbot <
MTV Video Music Awards Rock and Roll Hall of Fame: The following artists are inducted: The (Young) Rascals; the Bee Gees; Buffalo Springfield; Crosby, Stills and Nash; The Jackson 5; Joni Mitchell; and Parliament-Funkadelic. 51st Tony Awards List of Billboard Hot 100 number ones of 1997 1997 in British music#Charts List of Oricon number-one singles of 1997 1997 in music (UK) Category:Record labels established in 1997 Triple J Hottest 100, 1997
Madagascar and is still the island's national dog. It is believed that the Tenerife dog was brought to Madagascar and mated with a dog on the island, creating an unexpected result. The Coton's ancestors were possibly brought to Madagascar in the 16th and 17th centuries aboard pirate ships. Madagascar was a haven for pirates, and pirate graveyards can still be seen there. Pirates established a base on St. Mary's Island, Madagascar and some of them took Malagasy wives. Whether the
Magazine. Retrieved 7 December 2019. Morris, Desmond (2001). Dogs: The Ultimate Dictionary of over 1,000 Dog Breeds. North Pomfret, VT: Trafalgar Square Publishing. ISBN 1-57076-219-8. Retrieved 17 August 2022. Oxford University Press (2019). Oxford Dictionary. Lexico.com. Archived from the original on December 6, 1998. Pickeral, Tamsin (2014). Dogs Unleashed. San Diego: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 978-1-62686-273-9. Retrieved 2019-12-22. Vorwald Dohner, Janet (2016). Farm dogs: a comprehensive breed guide to 93 guardians, herders, terriers and other canine working partners. North Adams,
Major General J. F. R. Jacob and Lieutenant General A. A. K. Niazi over the Pakistani Instrument of Surrender. PNS Ghazi, an Urdu (Pakistani) drama based on sinking of PNS Ghazi, ISPR History of Bangladesh History of Myanmar List of conflicts in Asia Bass, Gary J. (2013). The Blood Telegram: Nixon, Kissinger, and a Forgotten Genocide. New York: Vintage. ISBN 978-8184003703. Cilano, Cara, ed. (2010). Pakistaniaat: Special issue on 1971 War. Hanhimäki, Jussi M. (2004). The Flawed Architect: Henry Kissinger
Malfoy, and Folami Williams as Rose Granger-Weasley. Preview performances began on 23 October 2019, ahead of an official opening night on 1 December 2019. In response to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, it was announced that the Curran Theatre would be temporarily reducing its capacity to 1,000 patrons. However, on 11 March 2020, it was announced that all performances were suspended because of the COVID-19 pandemic. On 9 February 2022, the play reopened, this time as the newly staged
Malfoy. The original production featured an overall cast of 42 actors. Previews for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child began at the Palace Theatre on 7 June 2016. The official opening night for the play was on 30 July 2016. The original cast played their final performances on 21 May 2017. On 16 March 2020, performances were suspended because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Performances resumed on 14 October 2021, continuing as the original two-part production. The production will conclude its
Malik Nabers (born July 28, 2003) is an American professional football wide receiver for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the LSU Tigers, finishing as their all-time leader in receiving yards and earning unanimous All-American honors in 2023. Nabers was selected sixth overall by the Giants in the 2024 NFL draft, and set numerous rookie wide receiver and franchise records. Nabers was born on July 28, 2003, in Lafayette, Louisiana. He
Man, a Homo erectus who used fire, have been dated to between 680,000 and 780,000 years ago. The fossilized teeth of Homo sapiens (dated to 125,000–80,000 years ago) have been discovered in Fuyan Cave. Chinese proto-writing existed in Jiahu around 6600 BCE, at Damaidi around 6000 BCE, Dadiwan from 5800 to 5400 BCE, and Banpo dating from the 5th millennium BCE. Some scholars have suggested that the Jiahu symbols (7th millennium BCE) constituted the earliest Chinese writing system. According to
Mao Zedong. Kissinger includes a recount of discussion between the Mao and Nixon and the Nixon-Zhou dialogue and various other conversations leading up to their deaths in 1976. The process of examining the leading political figures of China and the problems they faced allowed the reader to "look over the shoulder in the traditions of classic realism". He reveals Zhou promoted the need for four modernisations in China before he died. Kissinger examines the legacies left behind by Mao and
March 10, 2023, the Panthers agreed to trade Moore and the ninth overall pick in the 2023 NFL draft, as well as several other draft picks (including their 2024 first-round pick, later used to draft Caleb Williams), to the Chicago Bears for the first overall pick in the 2023 NFL draft, which the Panthers used to select Bryce Young. The trade was made official when the league calendar year began on March 15. Moore left the Panthers fourth in franchise
March 1970, Wilson briefly substituted for Mike Love on tour. In April, he attempted to produce a country and western album for co-manager Fred Vail, later known as Cows in the Pasture. Wilson's disappointment over the poor commercial reception of Sunflower led him to reduce his contributions to subsequent Beach Boys recordings. Bruce Johnston described his involvement in the Surf's Up sessions (August 1971) as that of "a visitor". In November 1970, Wilson performed with the band at the Whisky
March 1971 to curb the Bengali independence movement by taking control of the major cities on 26 March, and then eliminating all opposition, political or military, within one month. The Pakistani state used anti-Bihari violence by Bengalis in early March to justify Operation Searchlight. Before the beginning of the operation, all foreign journalists were systematically deported from East Pakistan. The main phase of Operation Searchlight ended with the fall of the last major town in Bengali hands in mid-May. The
March 2025, Forbes estimated China ranked second in the world, after the U.S., in total number of billionaires and total number of millionaires, with 516 Chinese billionaires, while Hurun Global Rich List estimated it ranked first, with 1,021 billionaires. China also has 6.3 million millionaires as of 2025, second highest after the U.S. In 2019, China overtook the U.S. as the home to the highest number of people who have a net personal wealth of at least $110,000, according to
March 24 – The Treaty on Open Skies is signed in Helsinki, Finland, to establish a program of unarmed surveillance flights over the 34 member states. It went into effect on January 1, 2002. March 25 – The International Atomic Energy Agency orders Iraq to destroy an industrial complex at Al Atheer that is being used to manufacture nuclear weapons. March 31 – The Maintenance of Religious Harmony Act of Singapore comes into force. April 5 The Assembly of Bosnia
March 31 – The Maintenance of Religious Harmony Act of Singapore comes into force. April 5 The Assembly of Bosnia and Herzegovina (without the presence of Serb political delegates) proclaims independence from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Bosnian War: Serb troops, following a mass rebellion of Serbs in Bosnia and Herzegovina against the Bosnian declaration of independence from Yugoslavia, besiege the city of Sarajevo. President of Peru Alberto Fujimori issues Decree Law 25418, dissolving the Congress of the Republic
Marlins at Marlins Park. He appeared in 18 games for the Dodgers with a 2-1 record and a 0.66 ERA. Regardless of signing for the team late in the season, Wilson made three relief appearances in the postseason without giving up an earned run until the Dodgers lost in the 2013 NLCS to the St. Louis Cardinals. On December 5, 2013, Wilson agreed to a one-year, $10 million contract to return to the Dodgers. The deal also contained a player
Marx's writings themselves frequently address the prior existence of the workers' movements of his time.) The first recorded labour strike in the United States was by Philadelphia printers in 1786, who opposed a wage reduction and demanded $6 per week in wages. The origins of modern trade unions can be traced back to 18th-century Britain, where the Industrial Revolution drew masses of people, including dependents, peasants and immigrants, into cities. Britain had ended the practice of serfdom in 1574, but
Matchpoints A type of scoring in duplicate bridge. A pair's score on a given board is one matchpoint for every pair they outscored and one-half matchpoint for every pair they tied. (Outside the US these awards are often doubled, so as to avoid the award of fractional matchpoints.) See comparative scoring. Matrix The layout of the cards that play pivotal roles in certain endplays, most typically squeezes. Maxims A maxim of bridge is a brief expression of a general principle
May 1 – Tony Blair becomes Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, as the Labour Party wins the 1997 United Kingdom general election and returns to government for the first time in 18 years. May 8 - Playhouse Disney launches. May 10 – The 7.3 Mw Qayen earthquake strikes eastern Iran with a maximum Mercalli intensity of X (Extreme). At least 1,567 were killed and 2,300 were injured. May 11 – IBM's Deep Blue defeats Garry Kasparov in the last
May 14. Some National Guard soldiers remained as late as May 27. Many Korean Americans in Los Angeles refer to the event as 'Sa-I-Gu', meaning "four-two-nine" in the Korean language (4.29), in reference to April 29, 1992, which was the day the riots started. Over 2,300 mom-and-pop shops run by Korean business owners were damaged through ransacking and looting during the riots, sustaining close to $400 million in damages. During the riots, Korean Americans received very little aid or protection
May 15 – The Spice Girls' album Spice reaches number one on the US charts, making them the first British act to top the charts with a debut album. May 20 - Foo Fighters release their second studio album The Colour and the Shape. May 21 – Radiohead releases OK Computer. May 23 – Brainiac frontman Tim Taylor is killed in a car crash at age 29 driving to his Dayton, Ohio home. The band announces they will not continue.
May 1991, Wilson and Landy's partnership was dissolved in December, followed by a restraining order. Throughout the 1990s, Wilson was embroiled in numerous lawsuits. In August 1989, he had filed a $100 million suit against Irving Music to reclaim song publishing rights sold by his father decades earlier. He did not regain the rights, but secured a $10 million ($21.1 million in 2025) out-of-court settlement in April 1992. The next month, Wilson was sued by Mike Love over long-neglected royalties
McKenzie argues to the contrary, basing his view on a systematic study of representative songs. In any event, there is little support today for abandoning the added alto parts, since most singers give a high priority to giving every side of the square its own part to sing. It was thus that the traditionalism debate split the Sacred Harp community, and there seems little prospect that it will ever reunite under a single book. However, there have been no further
McVicker, striking and killing Mullins instantly. McVicker survives, but suffers major injuries. September 20 – U2 plays at Reggio Emilia during their PopMart Tour to over 150,000 people. September 22 – Björk releases Homogenic, moving towards a darker sound and away from her 'pixie' image. September 23 – U2 perform a concert in Sarajevo during their PopMart Tour. September 27 – Bob Dylan performs for Pope John Paul II at a Catholic youth event in Bologna, Italy. September 29 The
Mercy. He died in 2025 of respiratory arrest. Brian Douglas Wilson was born on June 20, 1942, at Centinela Hospital Medical Center in Inglewood, California, the first child of Audree Neva (née Korthof) and Murry Wilson, a machinist who later pursued songwriting part-time. Wilson's two younger brothers, Dennis and Carl, were born in 1944 and 1946. Shortly after Dennis's birth, the family moved from Inglewood to 3701 West 119th Street in nearby Hawthorne, California. Wilson, along with his siblings, suffered
Metacritic's weighted average assigned the fourth season a score of 70 out of 100, based on eight critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The fifth season had a positive response from critics. It received a Rotten Tomatoes approval rating of 98%, with an average rating of 8 out of 10 based on 48 reviews. The site's critical consensus reads: "Deftly managing an expanded roster of punchy personalities, Cobra Kai graduates to a black belt proficiency in heartfelt melodrama and sly humor."
Mexican army at the Second Battle of Puebla and then occupied Mexico City. Following the end of the American Civil War in 1865, the United States began lending money and guns to the Mexican Liberals, pushing France and Mexican Conservatives to the edge of defeat. At the opening of the French chambers in January 1866, Napoleon III announced that he would withdraw French troops from Mexico. In reply to a French request for American neutrality, the American secretary of state
Mexican side in the Mexican–American War. These soldiers, known as Los San Patricios or Saint Patrick's Battalion, flew as their standard a green flag with a harp and the motto Erin Go Bragh. Similar flag designs have been used at different times to express Irish nationalism. In 1862, when a large number of families on the estate of Lord Digby, near Tullamore, County Offaly, were given notice to quit, a local priest, Father Paddy Dunne, arranged passage for 400 people
Miller of The Electric Playground argued it would fail to satisfy either young or older audiences due to its flaws. Reviewers generally agreed that the game successfully recreated the Hogwarts setting, capturing its scale and atmosphere to some extent. Conrad, Rybicki, Villoria, and GamePro's Air Hendrix praised the large, explorable castle and its fidelity to the books' spirit, with moments like attending classes or meeting characters that would resonate with fans. However, Miller strongly disagreed, calling the environments bland, lifeless,
Miller, Jim (1992). "The Beach Boys". In DeCurtis, Anthony; Henke, James; George-Warren, Holly (eds.). The Rolling Stone Illustrated History of Rock & Roll: The Definitive History of the Most Important Artists and Their Music. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-67973-728-5. Williams, Paul (2000). The 20th Century's Greatest Hits: A Top 40 List. Macmillan. ISBN 978-1-46683-188-9. Zager, Michael (2011). Music Production: For Producers, Composers, Arrangers, and Students (2nd ed.). Scarecrow Press. ISBN 978-0-8108-8201-0. Journals Carlin, Peter Ames (August–September 2004). "Brian Wilson's
Mills), Ron Thomas (Bobby), Tamlyn Tomita (Kumiko), Traci Toguchi (Yuna), and Yuji Okumoto (Chozen Toguchi). In season four, Rubio and List were promoted to series regulars, while Dallas Dupree Young and Oona O'Brien were cast in recurring roles. In addition, Thomas Ian Griffith reprised his role as Terry Silver from The Karate Kid Part III, while Okumoto and Heller made guest appearances. In season five, Okumoto had a recurring role as Chozen. In addition, Sean Kanan and Robyn Lively reprised
Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, are the three large providers of mobile and internet in China. Combined, the three operators had over 3.4 million 4G base-stations in China. China has developed its own satellite navigation system, dubbed BeiDou, which began offering commercial navigation services across Asia in 2012 as well as global services by the end of 2018. BeiDou followed GPS and GLONASS as the third completed global navigation satellite. Since the late 1990s, China's national road network has
Mohammad Musa went on retirement. When Yahya became the C-in-C, he superseded two of his seniors: Lieutenant-General Altaf Qadir and Lieutenant-General Bakhtiar Rana. After becoming the commander-in-chief of the army, Yahya energetically started reorganizing the Pakistan Army in 1966. The post-1965 situation saw major organizational and technical changes in the Pakistan Army. Until 1965, it was thought that divisions could function effectively while getting orders directly from the army's GHQ. This idea failed miserably in the 1965 war, and the
Monetary Fund after foreign reserves fell to $160 million. In 1968, Muhajirs from East Pakistan started Muhjairland movement for a separated province. However, Yahya Khan rejected the idea saying it would not bring them solution. In 1969, President Yahya also promulgated the Legal Framework Order, 1970, which disestablished the One Unit Scheme that had formed West Pakistan and returned the provinces of West Pakistan to their pre-1955 configuration. The decree had no effect on East Pakistan. However, the dissolution of
Moon by 2030. To that end, China has been developing a lunar-capable super-heavy launcher, the Long March 10, a new crewed spacecraft, and a crewed lunar lander. China sent Chang'e 6 on 3 May 2024, which conducted the first lunar sample return from Apollo Basin on the far side of the Moon. This is China's second lunar sample return mission, the first was achieved by Chang'e 5 from the lunar near side 4 years ago. It also carried a Chinese
Moore finished the 2020 season with 66 receptions for 1,193 receiving yards and four receiving touchdowns. On April 30, 2021, the Panthers exercised the fifth-year option on Moore's contract. The option guarantees a salary of $11.116 million for the 2022 season. In Week 3, against the Houston Texans, Moore recorded eight receptions for 126 yards in the 24–9 victory. In the following game against the Cowboys, he recorded eight receptions for 113 yards and two touchdowns in the 36–28 loss.
Mukti Bahini forces attacked the city of Shiromoni. The Indian forces suffered heavy losses at the Badamtola ambush. The battle continued till after the singing of the Instrument of Surrender by the commander of Pakistani forces in East Pakistan, Lt Gen A. A. K. Niazi on 16 December, since the commander of forces in Shiromoni, Brig Hayat Khan insisted on continuing the battle. Brig Khan surrendered to the Indian forces a day later on 17 December. The Indian campaign's "blitzkrieg"
Mungavin, where they had to conduct riverine operations against the Indian Army, but they too suffered major losses, mainly due to their lack of understanding of expeditionary warfare and the wet terrain of East Pakistan. The damage inflicted on the Pakistan Navy stood at 7 gunboats, 1 minesweeper, 1 submarine, 2 destroyers, 3 patrol crafts belonging to the Pakistan Coast Guard, 18 cargo, supply and communication vessels; and large-scale damage inflicted on the naval base and docks in the coastal
Music Theatre in Clarkston, Michigan, where he was reported to have "sat rigid and expressionless" throughout the performance. Days later, he cancelled his remaining tour dates for that year, with his management citing "unforeseen health reasons". During a January 2023 appearance on a Beach Boys fan podcast, Wilson's daughter Carnie reported that her father was "probably not going to tour anymore, which is heartbreaking". In January 2024, Melinda Ledbetter died at their home. The following month, it was announced that
Music. University of Georgia Press. ISBN 0-8203-2371-3. Gould, Nathaniel Duren (1853). History of Church Music in America. Gould and Lincoln. p. 55. Horn, Dorothy D. (1970). Sing to me of Heaven: A Study of Folk and Early American Materials in Three Old Harp Books. University of Florida Press. Marini, Stephen A. (2003). Sacred Song in America: Religion, Music, and Public Culture. University of Illinois Press. See chapter 3, "Sacred Harp singing". McKenzie, Wallace (1989). "The Alto Parts in the 'True
Muslim state on 16 December 1971. West Pakistan, now just Pakistan, secured the release of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman from the Headquarter Prison and allowed him to return to Dacca. On 19 January 1972, Mujib was inaugurated as the first President of Bangladesh, later becoming the Prime Minister of Bangladesh in 1974. On the brink of defeat in around 14 December 1971, the media reports indicated that the Pakistan Army soldiers, the local East Pakistan Police they controlled, razakars and the
My personal feeling is that the original group recordings on Smile have got to be better." Bruce Johnston took offense as well, writing in an email to biographer Peter Ames Carlin: "I spent years showing full support for Brian, but now that's all changed because of his current point of view." Johnston said of the album in a 2008 interview, "I think as an exercise in keeping [Wilson] occupied, it's interesting. [...] I talk to him every once in a
NBB Nederlandse Bridge Bond (Dutch Bridge League). Negative double A conventional call used by responder in a competitive auction to denote possession of at least one unbid suit. Negative free bid Responder's suit bid following an opening bid and an overcall. Nonforcing by prior agreement. Negative inference An inference based on something that did not happen. For example, if a defender does not overruff, declarer might conclude that he could not overruff. Or if declarer does not ruff a loser
NCAA receiving touchdowns. He joined the 49ers after being selected with the 16th overall pick of the 1985 NFL draft. After a modest rookie season, Rice emerged in the following season as one of the best receivers in the league, leading the NFL in receiving yards and touchdowns, a feat he achieved six times. In 1987, Rice set the record for most receiving touchdowns in a season, with 22, in a twelve-game strike-shortened season. He won back-to-back championships in 1988
NCAA record for every division. The 1984 Delta Devils averaged more than 60 points per game. Rice was named to the Division I-AA All-American team and finished ninth in Heisman Trophy balloting in 1984. In the Blue–Gray Classic all-star game played on Christmas Day, he earned MVP honors after four receptions for 101 yards and a 60-yard touchdown. He finished his career with 301 catches for 4,693 yards and 50 touchdowns, (although some sources have his numbers as 310 receptions,
NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his game against the Eagles. Rice surpassed Steve Largent's career receiving touchdown record on December 6 in a Week 14 game against the Miami Dolphins, scoring his 101st touchdown. In Week 16 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, he had seven receptions for 118 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 21–14 victory. Overall, Rice finished the season with 84 catches for 1,201 yards and ten touchdowns, and was once again named to
Nashville, Tennessee in 1867. Awake, My Soul: The Story of the Sacred Harp Chattahoochee Musical Convention East Texas Musical Convention List of shape-note tunebooks Sacred Harp hymnwriters and composers Shape note Southwest Texas Sacred Harp Singing Convention Anon. (1940) Georgia: A guide to its towns and countryside. Compiled and written by workers of the Writers' Program of the Works Progress Administration. University of Georgia Press. Bealle, John (1997). Public Worship, Private Faith: Sacred Harp and American Folksong. University of Georgia
National Archives Online Public Access The Unlikely Story of the 27th Amendment, interview of Gregory Watson by the Dallas County Community College District on YouTube Washington Post Constitutional podcast about the ratification of the 27th Amendment (with transcript) Recording of the debate in the House of Representatives on the 27th Amendment on C-SPAN Harvard Professor Jane Mansbridge podcast discussing the connection between the 27th Amendment and the proposed Equal Rights Amendment Gregory Watson's Fight for the 27th Amendment (The Daily
National Security Affairs in 1968. Kissinger became National Security Adviser in 1969 and Secretary of State in 1973. Relations between the United States and China after the Second World War had been paternalistic and relatively friendly. However, relations fractured in 1949-1950 when the People's Republic of China was established on 1 October after peasant-backed Communists defeated the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek. The ideological tensions between the U.S. and the People's Republic of China were worsened by the Korean War
National Union of Cotton-spinners. The Association quickly enrolled approximately 150 unions, consisting mostly of textile related unions, but also including mechanics, blacksmiths, and various others. Membership rose to between 10,000 and 20,000 individuals spread across the five counties of Lancashire, Cheshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire within a year. To establish awareness and legitimacy, the union started the weekly Voice of the People publication, having the declared intention "to unite the productive classes of the community in one common bond of
Netherlands, at 7 m (23 ft) below sea level. The landscape, climate, and economy of the EU are influenced by its coastline, which is 65,993 kilometres (41,006 mi) long. In addition to national territories in Europe, there are 32 special territories of members of the European Economic Area, not all of which are part of the EU. The largest by area is Greenland, which is not part of the EU but whose citizens are EU citizens, while the largest by
New York Times said: "that the image seemed to speak of race war, and of vigilantes taking the law into their own hands." One of the merchants, David Joo, said, "I want to make it clear that we didn't open fire first. At that time, four police cars were there. Somebody started to shoot at us. The LAPD ran away in half a second. I never saw such a fast escape. I was pretty disappointed." Carl Rhyu, also a participant
Newfoundland and Labrador The Supreme Court of the Yukon Territory and the Court of Appeal of Yukon The Supreme Court of Prince Edward Island and the Court of Appeal of Prince Edward Island The coat of arms of Canada is also closely modelled on the royal arms of the United Kingdom. In Australia, the royal arms are used as a logo by the Parliament of Victoria and the Western Australian Legislative Council. It is also used by several state and
News Pattanayak, Dr Satyanarayan: Iran's Relations with Pakistan: A Strategic Analysis – USI Research Book, May 2012 – A well-researched book focuses on various facets of the Iran Pakistan relationship in a long-term perspective by analyzing them under various Phases.
News' list of the 100 Greatest Football Players, behind only Jim Brown, and was 35 places ahead of the next-highest-ranked player then active, Deion Sanders. In 2000, Rice won the ESPY Award for Pro Football Player of the Decade for the 1990s. On November 4, 2010, he was ranked No. 1 on The Top 100: NFL's Greatest Players. In 2011, The Sports Network awarded the inaugural Jerry Rice Award, to be given each year to the most outstanding freshman Football
Nightline, Ted Koppel initially only interviewed Black leaders about the Black/Korean conflict, and they shared detrimental opinions about Korean Americans. Some felt that too much emphasis was placed on the suffering of Korean Americans. As filmmaker Dai Sil Kim-Gibson, who produced the 1993 documentary Sa-I-Gu, described, "black-Korean conflict was one symptom, but it was certainly not the cause of that riot. The cause of that riot was the Black-white conflict that existed in this country from the establishment of this
Nixon decide that it was in America's interests to protect communist China?". Becker contends that Kissinger failed to articulate why exactly America believed it had to protect China from a Chinese-Soviet war. Becker contests Kissinger's rationale behind backing China detailed in the book, suggesting the Soviet Union was a more expansionary, aggressive power. Becker believes China's decision to send troops to Korea, Vietnam, Burma and Cambodia, whilst financing the training of insurgents in other countries, exhibited parallel aggression to the
Nixon's involvement in Watergate increased". On December 22, 1978, President Jimmy Carter considered invoking Section 3 in advance of hemorrhoid surgery. Since then, presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, and Donald Trump also contemplated invoking Section 3 at various times without doing so. On July 12, 1985, President Reagan underwent a colonoscopy and was diagnosed with bowel cancer. He elected to have the lesion removed immediately, and consulted with White House counsel Fred F. Fielding
Non-Proliferation Treaty and should respect the treaty. Iran and Pakistan have been described as competitors for influence in the Middle East by some geo-political analysts, who argue a nuclear-armed Iran could further agitate Pakistan. Both countries also have a history of mutual distrust, accusing each other of supporting religious and ethnic rebels within each other's borders. According to a 2023 report, large-scale Iranian oil smuggling into Pakistan occurred through border areas of Balochistan, with nationwide distribution via routes such as
North Korea, China and the USSR, examining triangular diplomacy and the causes of the Korean War. Kissinger proffers that the result of the cold war was a failure for all parties involved within the conflict. The American and Chinese road to reconciliation is detailed. Kissinger discusses the political and international contexts which led to the meeting of President Nixon and Mao Zedong. Kissinger includes a recount of discussion between the Mao and Nixon and the Nixon-Zhou dialogue and various other
North-South during the course of the game. Plafond A French, whist-like card game whose scoring foreshadowed that used in contract bridge. Plain suit A suit that is not trump; a side suit. Play 1) (Noun) The stage of a deal when players attempt to take tricks. The declarer tries to take at least as many tricks as the contract calls for, and the defenders try to prevent that outcome. 2) (Verb) To contribute a card to a trick, either by
November 13 – Brent and Shane Kinsman, American twin child actors November 18 – Noah Ringer, American actor November 26 Aubrey Joseph, American actor and rapper Luka Sabbat, American actor and model December 11 Ben Cook, American actor, singer and dancer Taylor Hickson, Canadian actress December 15 – Maude Apatow, American actress December 16 – Spence Moore II, American actor December 27 – Vachirawit Chivaaree "Bright", Thai actor December 29 – Kiera Allen, American actress List of 1997 films at
November 2024, a joint military operation between Pakistan and Iran killed 12 Jaysh al-Adl militants, including Salahuddin Farooqui, the group's founder and leader. The second-in-command and third-in-command were also among the dead. On 14 April 2025, eight Pakistani nationals were killed in Iran's Sistan-Baluchestan province, near the border with Pakistan. The victims were found in Mehrestan County, though their identities and the circumstances of their deaths remained under investigation. The Pakistani Embassy in Tehran cooperated with Iranian authorities to repatriate
Noyes, American singer (Kygo) August 26 Cordae, American rapper, singer, and songwriter Mae Muller – British singer-songwriter who represented the United Kingdom at Eurovision Song Contest 2023 August 27 - Guitarricadelafuente, Spanish singer-songwriter, guitarist and musician based in Zaragoza August 28 – Bazzi, American singer-songwriter (Camilla Cabello) September 1 – Jungkook, South Korean singer-songwriter, record producer, and member of BTS September 2 – Sanah, Polish singer, songwriter, violinist, and composer September 8 - Tessa, Danish rapper September 14 – Benjamin
OE hearma"ermine") herminé héron "heron" héronneau héronnier héronnière hêtre "beech-tree" heurter "to strike" ( < OFr hurter "to knock into" < Frk *hūrtan "to ram into" < *hūrt < Gmc, cf MHG hurten "to collide with, run into", ON hrūtr "ram") heurt heurtoir heurtement s'aheurter hie "a tamper, a paviour's ram" hisser "to hoist" hobereau (Zoo.) "a hobby falcon" hochqueue (Zoo.) "a wagtail" hocher "to shake" hoche hochet hochet "a child's rattle" homard "lobster" honnir "to dishonour" honte "shame" honteux
OE trōg "trough") trôler "to drag or lounge about" trombe "waterspout" trombone "trombone" trompe "trumpet, horn" tromper tromper "to deceive" trompeur tromperie détromper trompette "trumpet" trompeter trop "too much" par trop trotter "to trot" trot trotteur trottoir trouille "fear" trouillard troupe "troop" troupeau troupier attrouper troupeau "flock" troupier "trooper" truisme "truism" trumeau "leg of beef" tunnel "tunnel" ( < Eng < Fr < Gmc) turf "turf" ( < Eng < Gmc) tuyau "pipe, tube, hose" ( < MFr tuyel <
OFr "amount of wood on each side of a cart to keep the load" < MHG reidel "log" < Gmc, cf Germ Reitel) rider "to wrinkle" ride rigodon "rigadoon" ( < earlier rigaudon < Rigaud (personal name) < Gmc) rigole "a trench" ( < It rigoro < Gmc, cf OHG riga "line", LG rige "creek") rigoler rimailler "rhymster" ( < OFr rime < Frk *rīm < Gmc *rīma-n "number, series" + -aille, cf OHG rīm, OE rīm) rimailleur rime "rhyme"
OFr hargner < Frk *harmjan "to insult, harm" < Gmc, cf OHG harmjan to scold, quarrel", OE hearm "harm") hargner hargneux haricot "bean" haridelle "jade, harridan" ( < haras " < Gmc + -idelle) harnacher "to harness" enharnacher harnais "harness" ( < OFr harneis, hernais < ON hernest "army supplies" < herr "army" < Gmc + nest "provisions" < Gmc, cf OE here "army") harnacher haro "hue and cry" harpe "harp" harpiste harper "to grip" ( < Frk *harpan "to
OFr mugot "hidden treasure" < musgot, musgode, musjoe < Gmc *musgauda) maint "many" ( < Gmc *manigiþō "a multitude, great quantity", cf MDu menichte "crowd, great number", OE menigþu) malart "drake, mallard" malle "a trunk" malle-poste mallier malt "malt" mandrin "chuck, mandrel" ( < Prov mandre < Gmc, cf Goth *manduls, ON mondull, MHG mandel) manne "hamper, basket" ( < Pic mande < Dut mand, mande < Gmc, cf OE mand "basket") mannequin "mannequin" ( < Dut manneken "little man"
OFr mégis < Gmc, cf Dut meuk "softening", ON mjūkr "soft") mégisserie mégir mégie méringue "meringue" ( < MDu meringue "collation of the evening" < Gmc, cf MHG merunge < mëren "to soak bread in wine or water for dinner", MLG meringe < mern "to soak bread in wine or water for dinner") méringuer merlan (Zoo.) "whiting" merlin "marline" ( < Eng < Gmc) més- "mis-" mésange "titmouse" meurtre "murder" ( OFr murdre < L mordrum "murder" < Frk *murþar
OFr rime < Frk *rīm < Gmc *rīma-n "number, series" + -aille, cf OHG rīm, OE rīm) rimailleur rime "rhyme" ( < OFr rime < Frk *rīm < Gmc *rīma-n "number, series", cf OHG rīm, OE rīm) rimer rimer "to rhime, rime" rimeur rimailler rincer "to rinse" ( < OFr raïncer, raïncier < ON hreinsa "to rinse, clean, wipe" < Gmc *hraina-z "clean, pure", cf Goth hrains "clean") rinçure ringard "poker, fuddy-duddy" ( < Wallon ringuèle "lever" < Germ (dial.)
OHG pfarrih "fencing, enclosure", OE pearruc "enclosure, park, paddock", Dut park "park") parquer parquet parcage emparquer parquer "to pen" parquet "parquet floor" parqueter parqueteur parqueterie parquetage pataud "lump; young dog" patauger "to splash, dabble" patouiller patin "skate" patiner patineur patois "patois" ( lit. "clumsy speech" < OFr patoier "to handle clumsily" < pate "paw" < LL patta, pauta < Gmc, cf Germ Pfote "paw", LG pote, Dut poot "paw") patte "paw" pataud patauger patin pec "newly salted" pic "pike, pickax"
October 1949, CCP Chairman Mao Zedong formally proclaimed the People's Republic of China. In 1950, the PRC captured Hainan from the ROC and annexed Tibet. The CCP consolidated its popularity among the peasants through the Land Reform Movement, which included the state-tolerated executions of between 1 and 2 million landlords by peasants and former tenants. Though the PRC initially allied closely with the Soviet Union, the relations between the two communist nations gradually deteriorated, leading China to develop an independent
October 23 – Minnie, Thai singer-songwriter, record producer, and member of (G)I-dle October 24 Arthur Gunn, American singer Raye, British singer-songwriter and activist November 6 – Jamal Roberts, singer November 23 Akari Takeuchi, Japanese singer Kim Dracula, Australian metal musician November 24 – Reiley, Faroese singer December 5 – Maddie Poppe, American singer-songwriter and multi instrumentalist (Winner of American Idol 16) December 16 Snot, American rapper Zara Larsson, Swedish singer-songwriter, musician, and activist Nat Ćmiel (born Natasha Yelin Chang), Singaporean
October to November 2003, he worked with keyboardist Darian Sahanaja and original lyricist Van Dyke Parks in assembling a three-movement structure embellished with newly written lyrics, melodies, and orchestrations. The concert premiered on February 20, 2004 with five repeated sold-out showings. Encouraged by the positive reception, Wilson produced its studio-recorded adaptation and embarked on a world tour lasting from late 2004 to mid-2005. His former Beach Boys bandmates were not involved with BWPS, nor with the Showtime documentary that accompanied
Of the people residing in the EU, 5.3 per cent are not EU citizens. There were 31 non-EU citizenships that each accounted for at least 1 per cent of non-EU citizens living in the EU, of which the largest were Moroccan, Turkish, Syrian and Chinese. Around 1.9 million people immigrated to one of the EU member states from a non-EU country during 2020, and a total of 956,000 people emigrated from a member state to go to a non-EU country
Offense-to-defense ratio (ODR) High ODR means a hand has characteristics more suited to winning the final contract, while Low ODR means it has characteristics more suited to defending against opponents' contract. ODR is not based on a mathematical formula, but refers to a player's judgement/perception of the hand. Off shape, offshape, or off-shape Having a distribution that does not quite conform to that suggested by a bid, such as an opening bid of 1NT with 2=2=6=3 shape, or a weak-two
Old Virginny" as the official state song, and begins looking for a replacement. Clive Davis gets a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. February 2 – Rich Mullins' musical The Canticle of the Plains receives its première in Wichita, Kansas. February 3 – Scottish band Texas release their fourth album "White on Blonde" February 12 – David Bowie receives a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Hollywood, USA. February 13 Michael Jackson's first son, Michael Joseph Jackson
On 19 November, students held a march in Dacca protesting the slowness of the government's response. Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani, a prominent politician who previously led multiple rebellions against the British Raj, addressed a rally of 50,000 people on 23 November 1970, where he accused the president of inefficiency and demanded his resignation. He was the first ever Bengali to declare independence of East Pakistan during this rally but it was not officially recognized. As the conflict between East and
On 20 November, 14 Tanks and a Battalion from the Punjab Regiment under the command of Lt Col R. K. Singh launched another attack on the border with East Pakistan. The city of Garibpur was targeted. Defended by a larger force of three battalions under the 107 Infantry brigade commanded by Brig Mohammad Hayat, the two day battle resulted in heavy Pakistani casualties and an Indian victory. The following day, 4 Canadair Sabre of the PAF attempted to attack Indian
On 21 November Indian army start incursions on East Pakistan in the response of this on 3 December 1971, Yahya preemptively attacked the Indian Air Force and Gandhi retaliated, pushing into East Pakistan. Nixon issued a statement blaming Pakistan for starting the conflict and blaming India for escalating it. He favored a cease-fire. The United States was secretly encouraging the shipment of military equipment from Iran, Turkey, and Jordan to Pakistan, offering to replenish those countries' weapons stocks later despite
On China is a 2011 non-fiction book by Henry Kissinger, former National Security Adviser and United States Secretary of State. The book is part an effort to make sense of China's strategy in diplomacy and foreign policy over 3000 years and part an attempt to provide an authentic insight on Chinese Communist Party leaders. Kissinger, considered one of the most famous diplomats of the 20th century, played an integral role in developing the relationship between the United States and the
On Christmas, Harry receives an anonymous gift—his father's invisibility cloak. While using the cloak to explore the school undetected, he discovers the Mirror of Erised, which shows the viewer what they most desire. Harry sees his parents in the mirror. Harry, Ron, and Hermione learn that the three-headed dog is guarding a magical object called the Philosopher's Stone, which grants its user immortality. A centaur named Firenze warns Harry that Voldemort is plotting to steal the Stone to restore his
On June 7, 2005, the United States Congress issued a concurrent resolution calling on the President of the United States (George W. Bush) to issue a proclamation calling upon the people of the United States to observe Cinco de Mayo with appropriate ceremonies and activities. To celebrate, many display Cinco de Mayo banners while school districts hold special events to educate students about its historical significance. Special events and celebrations highlight Mexican culture, especially in its music and regional dancing.
On May 20, 1992, under the authority recognized in Coleman, and in keeping with the precedent established by the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, each house of the 102nd Congress passed its own version of a concurrent resolution agreeing that the amendment was validly ratified, despite the more than 202 years the task took. The Senate's approval of the resolution was unanimous (99 to 0) and the House vote was 414 to 3. Congressional cost-of-living adjustments (COLA) have been upheld
Ones, and it was the best-selling album on Amazon for two weeks. On September 28, Wilson appeared on The Tonight Show performing "Heroes and Villains". On October 5, Leaf's documentary Beautiful Dreamer: Brian Wilson and the Story of Smile premiered on the Showtime network. The film included interviews with Wilson and dozens of his associates, albeit none of his surviving bandmates from the Beach Boys, who declined to appear in the film. It was later included on the DVD of
Other recent incidents involve the tragic events of May 25, 1991, where two employees at a liquor store near 35th Street and Central Avenue were shot. Both victims, who had recently immigrated from Korea, lost their lives after complying with the demands of a robber described by the police as an African American. Additionally, last Thursday, an African American man suspected of committing a robbery in an auto parts store on Manchester Avenue was fatally injured by his accomplice. The
Over the past 50 years, an increasingly dense network of legislation has been created, extending to all areas of environmental protection, including air pollution, water quality, waste management, nature conservation, and the control of chemicals, industrial hazards, and biotechnology. According to the Institute for European Environmental Policy, environmental law comprises over 500 Directives, Regulations and Decisions, making environmental policy a core area of European politics. European policy-makers originally increased the EU's capacity to act on environmental issues by defining it
Overall, Rice finished the season with 84 catches for 1,201 yards and ten touchdowns, and was once again named to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro team. Rice helped the 49ers to an NFL-best 14–2 record, and they made the postseason. San Francisco won in the Divisional Round against the Redskins, but lost in the NFC Championship against the eventual Super Bowl champion Dallas Cowboys, being unable to stop the offense of Troy Aikman and Emmitt Smith. Rice had eight
Oviedo. October 10 – Uruguay's worst air disaster occurs when Austral Líneas Aéreas Flight 2553 crashes near Nuevo Berlín, killing all 74 on board. October 12 – Sidi Daoud massacre: 43 are killed at a false roadblock in Algeria. October 15 Andy Green sets the first supersonic land speed record for the ThrustSSC team, led by Richard Noble of the UK. ThrustSSC goes through the flying mile course at Black Rock Desert, Nevada at an average speed of 1,227.985 km/h
Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan, respectively. Since 2000, relations between Iran and Pakistan have steered towards normalization, and economic cooperation has strengthened. The September 11 attacks on the United States changed the foreign policy priorities of both countries. The George W. Bush administration's tough stance against terrorism following the attacks forced the then-Pakistani President, General Pervez Musharraf to support Washington's war on terror campaign against the Taliban in neighbouring Afghanistan. The subsequent U.S.-led coalition invasion would end the first Taliban regime. Though
Pakistan Apologize for War Crimes, 1996 Sheikh Mujib wanted a confederation: US papers, by Anwar Iqbal, Dawn, 7 July 2005 Page containing copies of the surrender documents Bangladesh Liberation War Picture Gallery Archived 26 September 2021 at the Wayback Machine Graphic images, viewer discretion advised Rashid Askari:Liberation War facts Archived 2 January 2014 at the Wayback Machine 1971 War: How Russia sank Nixon's gunboat diplomacy PM reiterated her vow to declare March 25 as Genocide Day Call for international recognition
Pakistan Army regained momentum during the monsoon, but Bengali guerrillas counterattacked by carrying out widespread sabotage, including through Operation Jackpot against the Pakistan Navy, while the nascent Bangladesh Air Force flew sorties against Pakistani military bases. India joined the war on 3 December 1971 in support of the Mukti Bahini, after Pakistan launched preemptive air strikes on northern India and massive flight of some 10 million East Pakistani Bengals to the Indian state of West Bengal, following waves of emigration
Pakistan by the Awami League. With this increase in tension, foreign personnel were evacuated over fears of violence. Relief work continued in the field, but long-term planning was curtailed. This conflict widened into the Bangladesh Liberation War in December and concluded with the creation of Bangladesh. A planned military pacification carried out by the Pakistan Army—codenamed Operation Searchlight—started on 25 March 1971 to curb the Bengali independence movement by taking control of the major cities on 26 March, and then
Pakistan failed at capturing the region and the Indian units pushed back and threatened Sialkot. The Battle of Basantar was deemed an Indian victory. Between 8 and 14 December, India captured an 800 km2 stretch of the Karakoram range in the Northern region of Ladakh in the Battle of Turtuk under the command of Col Udai Singh. Before the official declaration of war between the two countries, Indian army had already been attacking the territory along the border with East
Pakistan in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, this time supplying military equipment as well as diplomatic support against India. The Shah described the Indian attack as blatant aggression and interference in Pakistan's domestic/internal affairs; in an interview with a Parisian newspaper he openly acknowledged that "We are one hundred percent behind Pakistan". Iranian Prime Minister Amir-Abbas Hoveida followed suit, saying that "Pakistan has been subjected to violence and force." The Iranian leadership repeatedly expressed its opposition to the dismemberment of
Pakistan until the end of the war, and interdiction and close-support operations were maintained. One of the most successful air raids by India into West Pakistan happened on 8 December 1971, when Indian Hunter aircraft from the Pathankot-based 20 Squadron, attacked the Pakistani base in Murid and destroyed 5 F-86 aircraft on the ground. This was confirmed by Pakistan's military historian, Air Commodore M Kaiser Tufail, in his book In The Ring and on Its Feet: Pakistan Air Force in
Pakistan". Hussain Haqqani, in his book Pakistan: Between Mosque and Military notes, Moreover, the army had failed to fulfill its promises of fighting until the last man. The eastern command had laid down arms after losing only thirteen hundred men in battle. In West Pakistan, too, twelve hundred military deaths had accompanied lackluster military performance. In his book The 1971 Indo-Pak War: A Soldier's Narrative, Pakistan Army's Major General Hakeem Arshad Qureshi, a veteran of this conflict, noted: We must
Pakistan. As a result, Prime Minister Gandhi was criticised by a section in India for believing Bhutto's "sweet talk and false vows", while the other section claimed the agreement to be successful, for not letting it to fall into "Versailles Syndrome" trap. In 1973, India and Pakistan reached another compromise when both countries signed a trilateral agreement with Bangladesh that actually brought the war prisoners, non-Bengali and Pakistan-loyal Bengali bureaucrats and civilian servants to Pakistan. The Delhi Agreement witnessed the
Pakistani Government investigation, put the figure as low as 26,000 civilian casualties. In her widely discredited book Dead Reckoning: Memories of the 1971 Bangladesh War, Sarmila Bose said between 50,000 and 100,000 combatants and civilians were killed by both sides during the war. A 2008 British Medical Journal study by Ziad Obermeyer, Christopher J. L. Murray, and Emmanuela Gakidou estimated that up to 269,000 civilians died as a result of the conflict; the authors note that this is far higher
Pakistani President Zia-ul-Haq, despite his pro-Saudi, pro-Sunni and anti-Shi'a sentiments, had to manage his country's security carefully, knowing that Pakistan (due to its alliance with the United States) risked being dragged into a war with its western neighbour, one that it could most likely not afford due to its preoccupations with India in the east. In support of the Gulf Cooperation Council that was formed in 1981, around 40,000 personnel of the Pakistan Armed Forces were stationed in Saudi Arabia
Pakistani paramilitary commandos, but after the declaration of war, with the support of IAF which bombed the town from 3 to 4 December, Brig Kler was able to extract a surrender and Kamalpur was captured. On 4 December, 5 Gorkha rifles of the 59 Mountain brigade was tasked with capturing the Gazipur tea factory bungalow overlooking the important city of Sylhet. In the late night operation carried out by Major Shyam Kelkar, India was able to force Pakistani forces to
Pakistani servicemen and their Bengali supporters as POWs, making it the largest surrender since World War II. Initial counts recorded that approximately 79,676 war prisoners were uniformed personnel, and the overwhelming majority of the war prisoners were officers – most of them from the army and navy, while relatively small numbers were from the air force and marines; others in larger number were serving in paramilitary units. The remaining prisoners were civilians who were either family members of the military
Pakistanis elected leader of Pakistan, such as Khawaja Nazimuddin, Mohammad Ali Bogra, Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, and Iskander Mirza. Their suspicions were further aggravated by the military dictatorships of Ayub Khan (27 October 1958 – 25 March 1969) and Yahya Khan (25 March 1969 – 20 December 1971), both West Pakistanis. The situation reached a climax in 1970, when the Bangladesh Awami League, the largest East Pakistani political party, led by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, won a landslide victory in the national
Palace of 1941, when Europe's resistance gathered in London. This was expanded on by the 1941 Atlantic Charter, establishing the Allies and their common goals, inciting a new wave of global international institutions like the United Nations (founded 1945) or the Bretton Woods System (1944). In 1943 at the Moscow Conference and Tehran Conference, plans to establish joint institutions for a post-war world and Europe increasingly became a part of the agenda. This led to a decision at the Yalta
Paley sessions. Cows in the Pasture, the unfinished album he had produced for Fred Vail in 1970, had been planned for release in 2025 alongside a docuseries about Vail and the album's making. In 2026, Adult/Child was released as a part of We Gotta Groove: The Brother Studio Years, an expanded reissue of Love You. Wilson's chordal vocabulary derived primarily from rock and roll, doo-wop, and vocal jazz. At age two, he heard Glenn Miller's 1943 rendition of Gershwin's Rhapsody
Panić in the Serbian presidential election. December 22 – The Archives of Terror are discovered by Martín Almada in Asunción, detailing the fates of thousands of Latin Americans who have been secretly kidnapped, tortured and killed by the security services of Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay in Operation Condor. December 28 – Actress Daniella Perez is murdered in Rio de Janeiro, after being stabbed 18 times with scissors by actor Guilherme de Pádua and his then-wife Paula Thomaz.
Park, Hancock Park, Fairfax, Mid-City and Mid-Wilshire before reaching Hollywood. The looting and fires engulfed Hollywood Boulevard, and simultaneously rioting moved west and south into the neighboring independent cities of Inglewood, Hawthorne, Gardena, Compton, Carson and Long Beach, as well as moving east from South Central Los Angeles into the cities of Huntington Park, Walnut Park, South Gate and Lynwood and Paramount. Looting and vandalism had also gone as far south as Los Angeles regions of the Harbor Area in
Park. Sony Pictures became the year's highest-grossing distributor in the United States and Canada, with $1.3 billion in domestic gross. It was the first time Sony Pictures topped the domestic box office, after Disney was the top-grossing domestic distributor for the previous three years. The Star Wars Special Editions, a theatrical anniversary edition of the original Star Wars trilogy, celebrating the 20th anniversary of the release of Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope, are released. The Fifth Element
Part III followed in 1989, which saw Kreese seek revenge on Daniel and Miyagi with the help of new allies. It was criticized for rehashing elements of the first two films. Another sequel, The Next Karate Kid (1994), was the first in the series not to include Macchio, although Morita returned as Miyagi. It follows Hilary Swank as one of his new students. A remake of the original film, also titled The Karate Kid, was released in 2010. Set in
Party (PPP) won 81 seats out of 138 in West Pakistan. By constitutional law, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman of the Awami League was supposed to be the candidate for the post of Prime Minister of Pakistan but Zulfikar Ali Bhutto of the Pakistan Peoples Party was not ready to accept his role as Leader of the Opposition and refused to sit in the National Assembly in this role. Under pressure by Bhutto and the Pakistan Peoples Party, President Yahya Khan postponed
Patriots on November 11. On November 18, 2025, Rice signed with the Seattle Seahawks' practice squad. He was released by the Seahawks on December 2. On December 3, 2025, Rice signed with the Las Vegas Raiders' practice squad. He signed a reserve/future contract with Las Vegas on January 5, 2026. Las Vegas Raiders bio Colorado Buffaloes bio USC Trojans bio 247Sports bio
Paul II with his apostolic constitution, Fidei depositum. October 12 In the Dominican Republic, Pope John Paul II celebrates the 500th anniversary of the meeting of two cultures. The 5.8 mb Cairo earthquake affects the city with a maximum Mercalli intensity of VIII (Severe), leaving 545 dead and 6,512 injured. October 19 – The Chinese Communist Party promotes several market-oriented reformers to the Politburo Standing Committee of the Chinese Communist Party, signaling a defeat for hard-line ideologues. October 20 –
Paul Morley, novelist Ian Rankin, and Rough Trade Records founder Geoff Travis." Morley felt that BWPS represented "a breathtaking example of ultimately banal thinkers attempting self-consciously to make art, a square version of freaking out, musically sophisticated, aesthetically conservative [...] I needed a quick shower of Ramones, Dre and Hendrix afterwards, just to rinse away the clingy bits of fake myth." Mike Love gave his thoughts on the album in a November 2004 interview: "I guess it's a good thing
Peace Prize at the UNESCO headquarters in Paris. February 4 – In Venezuela, Hugo Chávez leads an unsuccessful coup attempt against President of Venezuela Carlos Andrés Pérez. February 6 – The Ruby Jubilee of Elizabeth II commemorates 40 years since the accession of Elizabeth II as Queen of the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms. February 7 – The Maastricht Treaty is signed, founding the European Union. February 8 – The opening ceremony for the 1992 Winter Olympics is held
Peace Prize for having "contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy, and human rights in Europe". In 2013, Croatia became the 28th EU member. From the beginning of the 2010s, the cohesion of the European Union has been tested by several issues, including the Euro area crisis, 2015 European migrant crisis, and Brexit. A referendum in the UK on its membership of the European Union was held in 2016, with 51.9 per cent of participants voting to leave.
Pennsylvania, where he played high school football. Moore is of Jamaican descent through his father. He committed to the University of Maryland, College Park to play college football. Moore played college football for the Maryland Terrapins from 2015 to 2017 under head coaches Randy Edsall, Mike Locksley, and D. J. Durkin. As a freshman, Moore started 10 of Maryland's 12 games, recording 25 receptions for 357 yards and three touchdowns. As a sophomore, he started all 13 games and had
People's Court, the Supreme People's Procuratorate, and the National Supervisory Commission are subject to its oversight through democratic centralism. However, observers often describe it as a "rubber stamp" body. The NPC meets annually, while the NPC Standing Committee, around 175 members elected from NPC delegates, meets every couple of months. Elections are indirect and not pluralistic, with nominations at all levels being controlled by the CCP by law. The NPC is dominated by the CCP, with another eight minor parties
Peshawar, where Yahya was laid to rest at Circle Road Graveyard. The ceremony was attended by senior military officials and dignitaries from the regime. It is likely that the funeral was also a gesture to emphasize continuity within Pakistan’s military leadership, despite the tensions surrounding Yahya's legacy. Yahya Khan was awarded , but then stripped of his service honours by the Zulfikar Ali Bhutto regime. Khan is viewed largely negatively by Pakistani historians and is considered among the worst but
Peshawar‡. Iranian government maintains a cultural consulate-general, Persian Research Center, and Sada-o-Sima center, all in Islamabad. Other political offices includes cultural centers in Lahore†, Karachi†, Rawalpindi†, Peshawar†, Quetta†, Hyderabad†, and Multan†. ‡ denotes mission is Consulate General † denotes mission is Khana-e-Farhang (lit. culture center) There is also an Iran Air corporate office located in Karachi Metropolitan Corporation site. Pakistan's chief diplomatic mission to Iran is the Pakistani embassy in Tehran. It is further supported by two consulates-general located throughout
Pezeshkian commenced a two-day delegation to Pakistan, marking his first state visit since taking office. He was accompanied by a high-level delegation that included Vice President Mohammad Reza Aref and Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi. The visit aimed to strengthen bilateral cooperation across key strategic sectors including trade, infrastructure, border security, and cultural exchange. During the visit, officials from both countries signed 12 agreements and memoranda of understanding covering areas such as commerce, energy, technology, cultural exchange, and mass media cooperation.
Phantom save. Phoney club A type of 1 Club opening bid which shows opening values but does not guarantee clubs, denies a five card major (and often 5 diamonds as well) and may have as little as one club (on a 4441 shape hand). Usually played as forcing for one round. A variant of a short club. Pianola (Slang) A hand that is so easy it plays itself. "Pianola" is a trademarked brand of player piano (a piano that plays
Pic mande < Dut mand, mande < Gmc, cf OE mand "basket") mannequin "mannequin" ( < Dut manneken "little man" < man "man" < Gmc + -ken "-kin" < Gmc) maquereau (Zoo.) "mackerel" maquereau "brothel-keeper" maquerelle maquereauter maquereller maquiller "to make up" ( < OFr makier "to make, do, work" < MDu maken "to make" < Gmc, cf OE macian "to make") maquillage maquignon "horse-dealer" maquignonnage maraîcher "a kitchen gardener" marais "marsh; kitchen garden" maraud "knave, rascal" ( < OFr
Player Live Software for Windows. Bridge Champ was launched in 2023. It includes both browser-based and mobile apps and supports various tournament types, including bots, individuals, and teams. Some national contract bridge organizations now offer online bridge play to their members, including the English Bridge Union, the Dutch Bridge Federation and the Australian Bridge Federation. MSN and Yahoo! Games have several online rubber bridge rooms. In 2001, the WBF issued a special edition of the lawbook adapted for internet and
Police were fully mobilized with officers on 12 hour shifts, convoy patrols, scout helicopters, street barricades, tactical command centers, and support from the Army National Guard, the active duty Army and the Marines. All four of the officers left or were fired from the LAPD. Briseno left the LAPD after being acquitted on both state and federal charges. Wind, who was also twice acquitted, was fired after the appointment of Willie L. Williams as Chief of Police. The Los Angeles
Power era: at once starry-eyed and wistful". His work with the Beach Boys, especially on Pet Sounds, "Good Vibrations" and Smile, marked the beginnings of progressive pop, a genre distinguished by sophisticated and unorthodox approaches to pop music. Writing in 1978, biographer David Leaf identified Wilson's 1960s productions as a chief influence on bands such as Queen, Electric Light Orchestra, 10cc, and Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, among others. Musicologist Bill Martin acknowledged Wilson's influence on progressive rock, particularly through
President Zia-ul-Haq died in August 1988 in an aircraft explosion over Bahawalpur. In spite of Tikka's leadership position within the political opposition, many of his army protégés such as Sawar Khan, Iqbal Khan and Rahimuddin Khan were promoted to four-star rank and remained on deferential terms with him. In the 1988 general election, Tikka Khan ran unsuccessfully for a seat representing Rawalpindi. He was appointed as the Governor of Punjab by Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in December 1988. His governorship
President from Office, or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice President This provision is ambiguous as to whether, under the enumerated circumstances, the vice president becomes president (that is, the "Office [...] shall devolve on" the vice president) or merely assumes the "powers and duties" of the presidency (that is, the "Powers and Duties [...] shall devolve upon" the vice president). It also
President of South Africa F. W. de Klerk. August 12 – Canada, Mexico and the United States announce that a deal has been reached on the North American Free Trade Agreement; this will be formally signed on December 17. August 18 – Prime Minister of the United Kingdom John Major announces the creation of Iraqi no-fly zones (→ Operation Southern Watch). August 24 Concordia University massacre: Valery Fabrikant murders four colleagues and seriously wounds another in a shooting at Concordia
Princess of Wales; John Tavener's "Song for Athene" is performed at the same ceremony, with soprano Lynne Dawson singing the solo part. September 16 After a tumultuous divorce from her first husband, Mariah Carey releases the album Butterfly, which moved her sound in a more hip-hop/R&B direction. Aaliyah releases the single "Hot Like Fire"/"The One I Gave My Heart To". September 17 – The KLF return for 23 minutes with their performance of "Fuck the Millennium". September 19 – While
Pro Bowl 13 times (1986–1996, 1998, 2002) and named All-Pro twelve times in his 20 NFL seasons, including ten First-team All-Pros, tied for the most by any player. Rice was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2010 and the College Football Hall of Fame in 2006. Rice was inducted into the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame in 2007, and in the same year was inducted into the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame. The NFL honored him
Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. With a 13–3 record and making the postseason, the 49ers won against the Bears in the Divisional Round. In the NFC Championship, they faced the Cowboys for the third straight year. After two previous defeats, the 49ers were victorious against the Cowboys 38–28. Rice was a vital component in their 49–26 victory over the San Diego Chargers in Super Bowl XXIX, combined with a six-touchdown performance by Young, Rice caught ten passes after catching
Professor Sprout, Professor Flitwick, the tiny and excitable Charms teacher and Head of Ravenclaw House, the soporific History of magic teacher, Professor Binns, a ghost who does not seem to have noticed his own death, and Madam Hooch, the Quidditch coach, who is strict, but a considerate and methodical teacher. The poltergeist Peeves wanders around the castle causing trouble wherever he can. In the book, Rowling introduces an eclectic cast of characters. The first character to be introduced is Vernon
Promote 1) In the play, to cause a card to become a winner. 2) In the bidding, to assign a higher value to a card, or to the hand as a whole, as a result of earlier calls made by partner or by the opponents. Proprieties A section of the Laws of Duplicate Contract Bridge that describes, in general terms, proper conduct as to the exchange of information concerning a hand, as to attitude and etiquette, as to partnership agreements,
Psychopolitical Analysis of Racial Despair and Hope, Chicago: African American Images, 1992. Webster Commission, The City in Crisis' A Report by the Special Advisor to the Board of Police Commissioners on the Civil Disorder in Los Angeles, Los Angeles: Institute for Government and Public Affairs, UCLA, 1992. Of the 63 people killed during '92 riots, 23 deaths remain unsolved – artist Jeff Beall is mapping where they fell – 25 Years After, an Artist's Response – LA Times, April 28,
Puebla (1867), recapture of Puebla and decisive victory for the restoration of the Republic Cinco De Mayo Quick Facts Cinco de Mayo is NOT Mexican Independence Day? on The Law Library of Congress blog "Origin of the Cinco De Mayo celebration" – Mexican American News - a subsidiary of Xcano Media Ignacio Zaragoza's role in Mexico's independence and the outcome of the American Civil War Renteria, Joanna (May 5, 2018). "The Real Meaning Behind Cinco de Mayo — and Why
Puebla, historical reenactments, parades, and meals take place to commemorate the battle. Parade participants dress as French and Mexican soldiers to reenact the battle. Every year the city also hosts the Festival Internacional de Puebla, which gathers national and international artists, traditional musicians and dancers, as well as the Festival Internacional del Mole, with an emphasis on the city's iconic mole poblano. In Mexico City, military commemoration is occasionally held at the Campo Marte. A street, Avenida Cinco de Mayo,
Pullman, who has studied the cultural impact of Cinco de Mayo north of the border. Los Angeles' Fiesta Broadway has been billed as the largest Cinco de Mayo celebration in the world, which it most certainly was at its peak in the 1990s when it attracted crowds of 500,000 or more. In recent years attendance has seen a dramatic decrease. On June 7, 2005, the United States Congress issued a concurrent resolution calling on the President of the United States
Punjab, Pakistan. At that time, the 8th Infantry Division consisted of the 51st Paratrooper Brigade and the 52nd Infantry Brigade. In April 1965, the 8th Infantry Division intruded into the Rann of Kutch. Hostilities broke out between India and Pakistan and Tikka Khan's 8th Division fought the Indian Army in the Battle of Rann of Kutch. During the war, Tikka Khan earned a reputation as a victor of Rann of Kutch and was credited widely by the Pakistani press for
Qing dynasty, which lasted from 1644 until 1912, was the last imperial dynasty of China. The transition from Ming to Qing (1618–1683) cost 25 million lives, but the Qing appeared to have restored China's imperial power and inaugurated another flowering of the arts. After the Southern Ming ended, the further conquest of the Dzungar Khanate added Mongolia, Tibet and Xinjiang to the empire. Meanwhile, China's population growth resumed and shortly began to accelerate. It is commonly agreed that pre-modern China's
R.E.M., the Pixies, and My Bloody Valentine. In her article which dubbed him "the godfather of sensitive pop", music journalist Patricia Cárdenas credits Wilson with ultimately inspiring many musicians to value the craft of pop songwriting as much as "the primal, hard-driving rock 'n' roll the world had come to know since then". Author Nathan Wiseman-Trowse credits Wilson, alongside Spector, with having "arguably pioneered", in popular music, the "approach to the sheer physicality of sound", an integral characteristic of the
Race and Justice: Rodney King and O.J. Simpson in a House Divided, San Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 1996. Gooding-Williams, Robert (ed.), Reading Rodney King, Reading Urban Uprising, New York and London: Routledge, 1993. Hazen, Don (ed.), Inside the L.A. Riots: What Really Happened – and Why It Will Happen Again, Institute for Alternative Journalism, 1992. Jacobs, Ronald F., Race, Media, and the Crisis of Civil Society: From the Watts Riots to Rodney King, Cambridge University Press, 2000. Los Angeles Times, Understanding the
Raiders faced Tom Brady and the New England Patriots. In what was later called the "Tuck Rule Game", the Raiders lost in overtime 16–13, after officials reviewed an apparent Brady fumble, overturning the call on the field to be an incomplete pass, allowing the Patriots to kick the game-tying field goal, all in a severe snowstorm. In 2002, Rice caught 92 passes for 1,211 yards and seven touchdowns, while being named to his 13th Pro Bowl team, and to the
Ramna Race Course in Dacca at 16:31Hrs IST on 16 December 1971. There was a problem over who would represent the Bangladesh government, as the three Bangladeshi battalion commanders - Lt Cols Shafiullah, Khaled Musharraf and Ziaur Rahman - were located too far away to be airlifted on time. The responsibility fell on the only armed forces officer available, Gp Capt AK Khondkar, chief of the newly formed BAF. As the surrender was accepted silently by Lieutenant-General Aurora, the surrounding
Randy Newman, Ray Charles, and Chrissie Hynde. In discussing Wilson's harmonic ingenuity, musicologist Philip Lambert stated in 2016 that his harmonic approach demonstrated an exceptional mastery and had left a lasting imprint on popular music since. Further to his invention of new musical textures and his novel applications of quasi-symphonic orchestras, Wilson helped propel the mid-1960s art pop movement, and, with Pet Sounds, was immediately heralded as art rock's leading figure. Carlin writes that Wilson had originated an "art-rock" style
Rat Terrier was Roosevelt's dog named Jack. In Mr. Roosevelt's letter dated July 27, 1902, to Mrs. Roswell Field, he writes, "It is a real pleasure to send you a photograph of my boy Kermit, with Jack, the Manchester Terrier, who is absolutely a member of the family." Jack was a Manchester Terrier, not a Rat Terrier. The first standard for the breed was developed by the now-defunct Teddy Roosevelt Terrier Club of America in 1996. Currently, several registration organizations
Rather than resigning and allowing a constitutional transfer of power, Ayub Khan requested that Yahya Khan, Commander-in-Chief of the Army, utilize the military's supra-constitutional authority to declare martial law and take power. On 24 March 1969, Ayub directed a letter to Yahya inviting him to deal with the crisis, as it was "beyond the capacity of [civil] government to deal with the... complex situation." Some sources claim Yahya accepted Ayub's proposal on 25 March. On 26 March 1969, General Yahya
Realizing the danger the Time-Turner poses, Scorpius and Albus attempt to destroy it, when they are joined by Delphi. Scorpius notices Delphi's tattoo of an Augurey and realizes she was in charge of the Ministry of Magic in the alternative timeline. Delphi takes them captive, killing a fellow student in the process, and reveals her intention of restoring the alternative timeline. After Ron states he saw Albus and Scorpius with Delphi, Harry and Draco confront Amos and discover Delphi had
Records released Caroline Now!, an album of Wilson's songs recorded by artists including Alex Chilton, Kim Fowley, the Aluminum Group, Eric Matthews, Saint Etienne, Peter Thomas, the High Llamas, and Jad Fair of Half Japanese. Through acts such as Panda Bear, and especially his 2007 album Person Pitch, Wilson began to be recognized for his continued impact on the indie music vanguard. In 2009, Pitchfork ran an editorial feature that traced the development of nascent indie music scenes, and chillwave
Red Book" and "Walk On By", both withheld from release. Wilson was also significantly influenced by Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons, Nelson Riddle, the Motown sound, Disney film soundtracks such as Mary Poppins (1964), and soul musicians such as Smokey Robinson and Stevie Wonder. Wendy Carlos's 1969 album Switched-On Bach, described by Wilson as "one of the most electrifying records" he had ever heard, influenced his use of synthesizers. It is often reported that the Beach Boys and the
Regulations, directives, and decisions are of equal legal value and apply without any formal hierarchy. Foreign policy co-operation between member states dates from the establishment of the community in 1957, when member states negotiated as a bloc in international trade negotiations under the EU's common commercial policy. Steps for more wide-ranging co-ordination in foreign relations began in 1970 with the establishment of European Political Cooperation which created an informal consultation process between member states with the aim of forming common
Rehearsals began in January 2004, at which point Leaf had arrived with a film crew set on documenting the project. Wilson was still intensely troubled by his memories of Smile and the prospects of performing it live. He began struggling with a resurgence of auditory hallucinations. Sahanaja recalled that, after the holiday break, when he returned to Wilson's house to prepare for the forthcoming vocal rehearsals, "I remember him shaking and he sat down and he started crying and yelling
Report: Beyond the Rage (aired on May 1, 1992) Los Angeles – A City Under Fire Part 1 (news clips montage) Los Angeles – A City Under Fire part 3 (raw news clips) ABC News story including amateur video of beating incident with commentary on YouTube "The Radio Show" with Tom Snyder April 30 and May 1, 1992. ABC Nightline special Moment of Crisis: Anatomy of a Riot "The MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour," 1992-05-13, NewsHour Productions, American Archive of Public Broadcasting (WGBH
Republican and Democratic, the Supreme Court began to apply the Bill of Rights to the states, overturning state laws whenever they harmed individual state citizens. It aimed to limit the influence of the wealthy. The Seventeenth Amendment requires a governor to call a special election to fill vacancies in the Senate. It also allows a state's legislature to permit its governor to make temporary appointments, which last until a special election is held to fill the vacancy. Currently, all but
Reynolds v. Sims (1964), malapportionment of state legislatures was common. For example, rural counties and cities could be given "equal weight" in the state legislatures, enabling one rural vote to equal 200 city votes. The malapportioned state legislatures would have given the Republicans control of the Senate in the 1916 Senate elections. With direct election, each vote represented equally, the Democrats held their stronghold in the South and offset net Republican gains in the Northeast by picking up new seats
Rice and the 49ers won in the Divisional Round against the New York Giants, but once again lost in the NFC Championship against the Dallas Cowboys; Rice recorded nine receptions for 126 yards during the 1993 postseason. While he didn't get along with free agent addition Deion Sanders, he believed Sanders would help in the 49ers' pursuit of the Super Bowl. These assertions were proven correct, as Rice made it back to the Super Bowl with the 49ers in 1994,
Rice attended B. L. Moor High School in Oktoc, Mississippi. Although he played mock games of basketball and football, Rice did not initially play sports for his high school. He enjoyed playing sandlot football and watching football on television. His mother forbade him to join the school's football team in his freshman year, as she thought that football was "too rough" for Rice. During Rice's sophomore year, the school's assistant principal caught him skipping class with a friend, causing him
Rice attended Hamilton High School in Chandler, Arizona and played football as a wide receiver. He also played basketball and was a sprinter on the track team. Rice was rated a three-star recruit and committed to the University of Colorado Boulder on October 15, 2019. In 2020, Rice had 6 receptions for 120 yards and 2 touchdowns for the Colorado Buffaloes. In 2021, he had 21 receptions for 299 yards, along with 17 kickoff returns for 469 yards and 6
Rice averaged 75.6 receiving yards per game. He received MVP votes in six out of his 20 seasons, finishing as the runner-up twice in 1987 and 1995. He won two NFL Offensive Player of The Year Awards, and a Bert Bell Award in 1987. Rice is remembered as one of the best clutch players in football history, often making game-winning catches throughout his career. Rice also was noted as an effective blocking receiver. Rice's "famous" catching ability, sometimes attributed to
Rice had four receptions for 44 yards in the 17–3 loss. During the 1986 off-season, Rice spent much of his time studying the 49ers playbook. Playing against the Los Angeles Rams, Rice had six receptions for 157 yards and a touchdown in a Week 2 loss. He followed that with a seven reception, 120-yard game against the New Orleans Saints in a 26–17 victory in Week 3. Following a two-touchdown game against the Miami Dolphins in Week 4, Rice had
Rice is widely regarded as the greatest wide receiver of all time and one of the greatest players in NFL history. His biography on the official Pro Football Hall of Fame website names him "the most prolific wide receiver in NFL history with staggering career totals". In 1999, The Sporting News listed Rice second behind Jim Brown on its list of "Football's 100 Greatest Players". In 2010, he was chosen by NFL Network's NFL Films production The Top 100: NFL's
Rice officially broke against the Atlanta Falcons in Week 15. The record was broken by Randy Moss in 2007, when he scored 23 receiving touchdowns. After being selected to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams, Rice was awarded the NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award, becoming the first wide receiver to receive the award. He was also named the NFLs MVP by the Newspaper Enterprise Association. In 1987, the touchdown runner-up was receiver Mike Quick with 11, marking
Rice play in person and after he visited the school's campus, Rice committed to playing at Mississippi Valley State. Rice attended Mississippi Valley State University from 1981 to 1984. When Rice arrived at Mississippi Valley State, he attended summer school and freshman orientation before the regular season. Two of his former teammates from B.L. Moor were there as well, but both left before the start of training camp. Rice studied receiving techniques from Gloster Richardson, stating: "I soaked up everything
Rice set the career record for combined net yards by catching a 27-yard touchdown pass from Matt Hasselbeck, his 35th career record. He finished that game eight receptions for 145 yards and a touchdown. In total Rice had 25 receptions for 362 receiving yards and three touchdowns with the Seahawks, having 30 receptions for 429 yards and three touchdowns in total for the season. At age 41, he managed to play 17 games in a 16-game season, as he was
Rice was one of 21 rookie players who had not yet signed a contract. Rice signed a rookie contract for five years that paid him $377,000 per year. He wrote that during training camp, he was nicknamed "Fifi" because of his haircut, but he was praised by his teammates for his work ethic. It was with the 49ers where Rice switched from his college number, 88 (which was already taken by teammate Freddie Solomon), to his now famous #80 (in
Rice was selected by the United States Football League (USFL), where the Birmingham Stallions selected him with the No. 1 overall pick of the 1985 USFL draft, but the league folded after its 1986 season. In training camp, Rice had to compete with 49ers Dwight Clark and Freddie Solomon for roster spots at the wide receiver position. In July 1985, Rice was one of 21 rookie players who had not yet signed a contract. Rice signed a rookie contract for
Rice's first without having a game where he recorded at least 100 receiving yards. In his final home game against the Bears, he had seven receptions for 76 yards in the 17–0 victory. It was the same game in which Terrell Owens set the single-game record for receptions, with 20. That angered Rice as he wanted it to be a special day for him, not for Owens, and many of Owens' receptions were intentionally called in order for him to
Rice. Rice was born in Atherton, California and graduated from Menlo School. He played college football at the University of California, Los Angeles, graduating with a bachelor's degree in June 2013. He decided to forgo his final year of eligibility with the Bruins to earn his master's degree at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, where he also played football with the Rebels. After his college career, Rice had a try out for the Baltimore Ravens, but wasn't signed. Rice
Rights. Within the EU enlargement process, guaranteeing media freedom is named a "key indicator of a country's readiness to become part of the EU". The majority of media in the European Union are national-orientated, although some EU-wide media focusing on European affairs have emerged since the early 1990s, such as Euronews, Eurosport, EUobserver, EURACTIV or Politico Europe. Arte is a public Franco-German TV network that promotes programming in the areas of culture and the arts. 80 per cent of its
Rigoberta Menchú Economics – Gary Becker 1992 House by Bill Frolick – article about 1992 from The New Yorker magazine.
Rio de Janeiro, after being stabbed 18 times with scissors by actor Guilherme de Pádua and his then-wife Paula Thomaz. The crime shocked Brazil, due to both the victim and the murderer being romantic partners in the telenovela De Corpo e Alma, which aired on TV Globo. December 29 – Brazil's president Fernando Collor de Mello is found guilty on charges that he stole more than $32 million from the government, preventing him from holding any elected office for eight
River, near Palembang in Indonesia, killing 104. James Cameron's Titanic is released in theaters in the United States. It will become the fourth highest-grossing film of all time (adjusted for inflation). December 21 – Brazil beats Australia 6–0 in the FIFA Confederations Cup final. December 24 – 50–1010 villagers are killed in the Sid El-Antri massacre in Algeria. December 27 – Ulster loyalist paramilitary leader Billy Wright is assassinated inside Long Kesh prison in Northern Ireland. December 29 – Hong
Rivers, the third- and sixth-longest in the world, respectively, run from the Tibetan Plateau to the densely populated eastern seaboard. China's coastline along the Pacific Ocean is 14,500 km (9,000 mi) long and is bounded by the Bohai, Yellow, East China and South China seas. China connects through the Kazakh border to the Eurasian Steppe. The territory of China lies between latitudes 18° and 54° N, and longitudes 73° and 135° E. The geographical center of China is marked by
Road" was initially intended to be released as the fourth and final episode of the fifth series, but was released as the first and only episode of the sixth series on Amazon Prime Video. Official website List of The Grand Tour episodes at IMDb The Grand Tour's channel on YouTube
Road, and the building of the Great Wall. Chinese culture has flourished and has had a great influence on the region and beyond. China began to cede parts of the country in the 19th century, to European powers through a series of unequal treaties. The 1911 Revolution overthrew the Qing dynasty and the Republic of China was established the following year. The country was unstable and fragmented during the Warlord Era, this came to an end with the Northern Expedition
Robert Jay Russell encountered the breed in Madagascar in 1973 and brought the first ones to America, he coined the phrase the Royal Dog of Madagascar, and the name stuck. They were also imported occasionally into France by returning French colonists but were not officially imported to Europe until the 1970s. In 1974, Madagascar released a stamp with the image of the Coton, affirming their status as the nation's "royal dog". The Coton de Tuléar was first formally recognised as
Roman Navy mariners to the reign of Septimius Severus (193–211) in 198 AD. In September 2011, archaeological investigations done at the site of the artificial harbor Portus in Rome revealed inscriptions in a shipyard constructed during the reign of Trajan (98–117) indicating the existence of a shipbuilders guild. Rome's La Ostia port was home to a guildhall for a corpus naviculariorum, a collegium of merchant mariners. Collegium also included fraternities of Roman priests overseeing Sacrificium Romanam (ritual sacrifices), practising augury,
Rose is a platonic friend to Scorpius rather than a love interest, and when Harry and Albus visit Cedric's grave, Albus tells Harry that Scorpius will always be the most important person in his life, to which Harry responds warmly. These changes have since been made in the two-part version of the play. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, a two-part play, was written by British playwright Jack Thorne based on an original story by Rowling, John Tiffany, and Thorne.
Rotten Tomatoes, the entire series received a 94% approval rating. On Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, the series holds an average rating of 70 out of 100. The first season had a positive response from critics. At Rotten Tomatoes, it holds a 100% approval rating, with an average score of 7.5 out of 10 based on 49 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads: "Cobra Kai continues the Karate Kid franchise with a blend of pleasantly corny nostalgia and teen
Route 1 passes through the center of Gifford, leading north 10 miles (16 km) to Sebastian and south through Vero Beach 17 miles (27 km) to Fort Pierce. Interstate 95 at Exit 147 is 9 miles (14 km) west of Gifford. According to the United States Census Bureau, the Gifford CDP has a total area of 7.31 square miles (18.94 km2), of which 6.81 square miles (17.65 km2) are land and 0.50 square miles (1.29 km2), or 6.79%, are water.
Rowling's humor tends towards caricature, with names resembling those found in the works of Charles Dickens. Amanda Cockrell further noted that Rowling's names invoke the dominant trait of their owners through allusions drawn from sources as varied as Roman mythology and eighteenth-century German literature. Rowling, like C. S. Lewis (author of the Narnia series), blurs the distinction between juvenile and adult fiction. Nel also noted that, like many good writers for children, Rowling combines several literary genres‍—‌fantasy, young adult fiction,
Royal Irish Constabulary and later the Royal Ulster Constabulary. The badge can be seen today on the cap badge of the Royal Irish Regiment of the British Army. The harp, unsurmounted by a crown, is used as a badge in Ireland today, but the harp surmounted by a crown is also found (e.g. in 'colours' ties of Trinity College sports teams). The arms of Ireland are without supporters. However, historically, some depictions of the arms have been accompanied by various
Ruhul Amin (Posthumously) Flight Lieutenant Matiur Rahman (Posthumously) Lance Naik Nur Mohammad Sheikh (Posthumously) Recipients of the Nishan-E-Haider: On 25 July 2011, Bangladesh Swadhinata Sammanona, the Bangladesh Freedom Honour, was posthumously conferred on former Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. R. M. Muzumdar - IOFS officer. Second Indian Director General of the Indian Ordnance Factories. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India, in 1973, in the Civil service category, for his contributions during the Indo-Pakistani war of
Rule of Twenty A widely used guideline of the Standard American Yellow Card (SAYC) bidding system which states that a hand may open bidding "normally" (that is, by bidding one of a suit) if the sum obtained by adding the combined length of its longest two suits to its high card points is twenty or more, but that weaker hands must either open with a preemptive bid or pass. See also Zar points evaluation method. Rule of Two When missing
Russia sank Nixon's gunboat diplomacy PM reiterated her vow to declare March 25 as Genocide Day Call for international recognition and observance of genocide day Genocide Day: As it was in March 1971 Archived 25 June 2020 at the Wayback Machine The case for UN recognition of Bangladesh genocide
Sacred Harp Convention in Fyffe, Alabama, by Alan Lomax. The album version of Bruce Springsteen's "Death to My Hometown" (2012) also samples this recording. Electronic musician Holly Herndon's 2019 track "Frontier" includes a performance of Herndon's music by a singing class in Berlin, Germany. The 2014 animated miniseries Over the Garden Wall features an original shape-note style composition in the second episode, "Hard Times at the Huskin' Bee". Laurie Anderson's 2024 multimedia show United States V included a performance of
Sacred Harp singing is a tradition of sacred choral music which developed in New England and perpetuated in the American South. The name is derived from The Sacred Harp, a historically important shape-note tunebook printed in 1844; multiple subsequent revisions of the tunebook have remained in use since. Sacred Harp singing has roots in the singing schools that developed over the period 1770 to 1820 in and around New England, related development under the influence of "revival" services around the
Sacrifice. Also, "sack." Sacrifice (Noun) A contract that was deliberately bid in the expectation of going down, in the hope of a penalty smaller than the opponents' expected score from making a contract they had bid. (Verb) To bid to such a contract. Safety level A level at which the partnership can normally assume, on the basis of the previous bidding, that its contract will succeed. It is the point below which the partnership prefers to explore even higher contracts.
Sagat Singh, commander of the IV Corps ordered the advance of Indian forces into the region of Dhalai near Tripura. Three battalions from the Corps fought against the battalion sized deployment of the 12th Frontier Force of Pakistan. The six day battle resulted in an Indian victory and provided for a launch pad for IAF reconnaissance mission into East Pakistan. On 20 November, 14 Tanks and a Battalion from the Punjab Regiment under the command of Lt Col R. K.
Saints, with 14,040. Against the Cowboys, he had five receptions for 161 yards and a touchdown in a Week 11 victory. In Week 12, against the Miami Dolphins, he had eight receptions for 149 yards and two touchdowns in the 44–20 victory. Rice had one of the best statistical games in his career against the Vikings, catching 14 passes for a career-high 289 yards (at the time the fifth-most in a game), and three touchdowns. Rice won NFC Offensive Player
Salary Grab Act and learned in 1984 that Wyoming had done the same in 1978, as a protest against a 1977 congressional pay raise. Watson also did not know until 1997, well after the amendment's adoption, that Kentucky had ratified the amendment in 1792. Neither did Kentucky lawmakers themselves – in Watson's desire for a 50-state sweep, the Kentucky General Assembly post-ratified the amendment in 1996 (Senate Joint Resolution No. 50), at Watson's request, likewise unaware that the task had
San Diego Chargers in Super Bowl XXIX, combined with a six-touchdown performance by Young, Rice caught ten passes after catching six in the 49ers last two postseason games, coupled with 149 yards and three touchdowns, despite playing with a separated shoulder for much of the game. In three Super Bowl appearances at this point in his career, Rice caught 28 receptions for 512 yards and seven touchdowns, with all three statistics career Super Bowl records. During the 1995 season, Rice
San Diego Chargers, including a career long 96 yard touchdown. He won NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his game against the Chargers. He still put up high numbers in the games he played, finishing the season with 64 receptions for 1,306 yards and nine receiving touchdowns, averaging a career-high 20.4 yards per reception, earning him more selections to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. The 49ers won the NFC West with a 10–6 record. Rice had five
San Diego. Days later, police found him in Balboa Park without shoes, money, or a wallet, and he was taken to Alvarado Hospital to detox from alcohol poisoning. Wilson rejoined his bandmates for the recording of L.A. (Light Album) (March 1979), but after producing demos and early recordings, he asked that Bruce Johnston take over the project. Wilson left his mansion in Beverly Hills for a home on Sunset Boulevard, where his alcoholism worsened. After attacking his doctor, he was
San Francisco 49ers showed interest in him. San Francisco had won two out of the previous four Super Bowls prior to the draft. Rice later wrote in Go Long! that he was unsure about what success he might have in the league, and that he would "often play head games" with himself; his backup plan if his football career didn't pan out was fixing electronics. In a 2022 interview with Fox News Digital, Rice expressed his doubts about being drafted
Sara Takatsuki, Japanese actress, model and singer August 11 Kanon Kimoto, former Japanese idol and actress (former SKE48) Saba, Danish singer, musical theatre actress August 16 – Greyson Chance, American singer, songwriter, and pianist August 19 – Baby Queen, British singer-songwriter born in Durban South Africa August 24 – Alan Walker, English-Norwegian DJ and record producer August 25 – Maty Noyes, American singer (Kygo) August 26 Cordae, American rapper, singer, and songwriter Mae Muller – British singer-songwriter who represented the
Sarabande released all four Karate Kid scores in a 4-CD box set limited to 2,500 copies worldwide. A soundtrack album was released in 1984 by Casablanca Records containing many of the contemporary songs featured in the film. Of particular note is Joe Esposito's "You're the Best", featured during the tournament montage near the end of the first film. Originally written for Rocky III (1982), "You're the Best" was rejected by Sylvester Stallone in favor of Survivor's hit song "Eye of
Sargodha AFB, perhaps as a potential training unit to prepare Pakistani pilots for an influx of more F-5s from Saudi Arabia." The IAF was able to conduct a wide range of missions – troop support; air combat; deep penetration strikes; para-dropping behind enemy lines; feints to draw enemy fighters away from the actual target; bombing and reconnaissance. The PAF, which was solely focused on air combat, was blown out of the subcontinent's skies within the first week of the war.
Schengen Agreement and the 1990 Schengen Convention, both signed in Schengen, Luxembourg. Of the 27 EU member states, 25 participate in the Schengen Area. Of the EU members that are not part of the Schengen Area, one—Cyprus—is legally obligated to join the area in the future; Ireland maintains an opt-out, and instead operates its own visa policy. The four European Free Trade Association (EFTA) member states, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland, are not members of the EU, but have signed
School of Public Service (January 2, 2019). "Dr. David E. Hayes-Bautista – Latino Leadership and the Cinco de Mayo in the American West" – via YouTube. UCTV: University of California Television (uctv.tv) (June 14, 2012). "Dr. David E. Hayes-Bautista – the History of Cinco de Mayo" – via YouTube. LA Plaza de Cultura y Artes (May 5, 2020). "Dr. David E. Hayes-Bautista – El Cinco de Mayo: Made in California" – via YouTube. Robert C. Hamilton, MD (February 24, 2023).
Schütz as Ginny Weasley, and Alen Hodzovic as Draco Malfoy. The cast also included Vincent Lang as Albus Potter, Mathias Reiser as Scorpius Malfoy, and Madina Frey as Rose Granger-Weasley. The German production opened on 5 December 2021. On 8 January 2023, the final performances of the two-part version of the play were performed in Hamburg. The play re-opened on 9 February 2023, as the revised one-part play. On 22 May 2019, it was announced that Harry Potter and the
Scorpius being rumoured to be the son of Lord Voldemort. During this time, Astoria passes away due to an inherited blood curse. Albus and Harry drift apart, with Harry being uncertain about how to help Albus. The summer before his fourth year, Albus gets into a fight with Harry, after being given Harry's old baby blanket and a love potion from Ron. In his anger, Harry tells Albus that he wishes he were not his son, and Albus spills the
Scots. In 2025, Rowling's website reported that the novel had been translated into 85 languages. Bloomsbury have published translations in Latin and in Ancient Greek, with the latter being described as "one of the most important pieces of Ancient Greek prose written in many centuries". Philip Nel has drawn attention to Jane Austen's influence on Rowling, whom Rowling has admired since the age of twelve. The styles of both novelists encourage rereading, as details that appear insignificant are discovered to
Sea as a part of Hainan Province and Guangdong Province, though all these territories are governed by the Republic of China (ROC). Geographically, all 31 provincial divisions of mainland China can be grouped into six regions: North China, East China, Southwestern China, South Central China, Northeast China, and Northwestern China. The PRC has diplomatic relations with 179 United Nations member-states and maintains embassies in 174. As of 2024, China has the largest diplomatic networks of any country in the world.
Second India–Pakistan War and was assigned to assume the army command in October 1966 by President Ayub Khan. In the wake of the 1968–1969 Pakistani protests, Ayub Khan resigned and transferred his authority to Yahya Khan. Khan's presidency oversaw martial law by suspending the constitution in 1969. Holding the country's first general election in 1970, he barred power transition to the victorious Sheikh Mujibur Rahman from East Pakistan, leading to mass protests in the provincial wing and a call for
Section 3 allows the president to voluntarily transfer presidential authority to the vice president (for example, in anticipation of a medical procedure) by declaring in writing his inability to discharge the presidency's powers and duties. The vice president then assumes those powers and duties as acting president. The vice president does not become president; the president remains in office, though without authority. The president regains those powers and duties upon declaring in writing his ability to discharge them. Section 4
Section 3, the other mentioning only that Reagan was mindful of its provisions. On July 13, Reagan signed the letter mentioning that he was mindful of Section 3 before being placed under general anesthesia for a colectomy. Vice President George H. W. Bush was acting president from 11:28 a.m. until 7:22 p.m., when Reagan transmitted a letter declaring himself able to resume his duties. In the Fordham Law Review, commentator John Feerick asserted that although Reagan disclaimed any use of
See Tap. Forcing notrump An agreement that a 1NT response to a 1♥ or 1♠ opening is a forcing bid. Forcing pass A pass in a competitive auction that requires partner either to make another bid or to double or redouble the opponents' current call. Experienced partnerships often have agreements about the meaning of bidding immediately in contrast to making a forcing pass and then bidding over partner's double (pass and pull). An initial pass when playing a strong pass
See example at right. Gambling 3NT An opening bid of 3NT. The bidder hopes to make the contract by means of a long minor suit rather than by a preponderance of high cards. Game A contract, bid and made, worth 100 points or more. The minimum undoubled game contracts are 3NT (40 for the first trick + 30 each for the second and third); 4♥ and 4♠ in the majors (4 tricks × 30 points per trick); 5♣ and 5♦
Seldom used of a suit with fewer than five cards. 2) Any suit of unusual length. 3) Any suit of at least four cards. A four-card suit is likely to be called long when in context concerning a hand that is known to hold another suit, or even two, expected to be at least as long. Long suit game try Following a major suit raise to the two level, the long suit game try names a suit with at least
Senate and the House on November 27 and December 6, respectively, and sworn in on December 6. On August 9, 1974, Nixon resigned due to the Watergate scandal and Ford became president under Section 1, the only president never to have been elected to either the presidency or the vice presidency. The office of vice president was thus again vacant, and on August 20 Ford nominated former New York governor Nelson Rockefeller. Rockefeller was confirmed by the Senate and the
September 17 – The KLF return for 23 minutes with their performance of "Fuck the Millennium". September 19 – While on his way to a benefit concert in Kansas, USA, Rich Mullins loses control of his Jeep, flipping the automobile and throwing both Mullins and passenger Mitch McVicker out onto the road. A tractor-trailer approaching the scene swerves to miss McVicker, striking and killing Mullins instantly. McVicker survives, but suffers major injuries. September 20 – U2 plays at Reggio Emilia
September 2 – Sanah, Polish singer, songwriter, violinist, and composer September 8 - Tessa, Danish rapper September 14 – Benjamin Ingrosso, Swedish singer-songwriter September 24 – Malaya Watson, American singer October 1 – Sam Verlinden, New Zealand singer and actor October 2 - Rubi Rose, American rapper, songwriter and model October 3 - Bang Chan, Australian singer, rapper, songwriter, and record producer October 6 – Michael J. Woodard, American singer October 7 – J. Rey Soul, Filipino-American singer October 8
September 2018, the cast was announced. It starred Gareth Reeves as Harry Potter, Paula Arundell as Hermione Granger, Gyton Grantley as Ron Weasley, Lucy Goleby as Ginny Potter, Eva Rees as Albus Potter, Tom Wren as Draco Malfoy, and William McKenna as Scorpius Malfoy. Performances began on 18 January 2019, ahead of an official opening night on 23 February 2019. However, on 16 March 2020, performances were suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Performances resumed on 25 February 2021. Most
Severus Snape, who seems to hate Harry. One night, Harry and Ron discover a gigantic three-headed dog guarding a trapdoor. The two boys later save Hermione from a troll and begin a friendship with her. During Harry's first Quidditch match, his broomstick attempts to throw him off. Snape's strange behaviour during the match convinces Hermione that Snape jinxed Harry's broom. On Christmas, Harry receives an anonymous gift—his father's invisibility cloak. While using the cloak to explore the school undetected, he
Sezen, Turkish actress January 17 – Jake Paul, American YouTuber, actor and boxer January 21 – Jeremy Shada, American actor and musician January 24 Jonah Bobo, American actor Dylan Riley Snyder, American actor February 2 – Ellie Bamber, English actress February 8 Kathryn Newton, American actress Quintessa Swindell, American actor February 10 – Chloë Grace Moretz, American actress February 12 – Shane Baumel, American former teen actor February 14 – Madison Iseman, American actress February 23 – Pallavi Dey, Indian
Shamsher Singh advanced on the mountain position of Hilli. For this objective, the town of Morapara was attacked. In the fierce battle, heavy losses were incurred by the Indian side but by 24 November, a huge portion of Morapara was captured. Contrary to the 1965 war, which had emphasised set-piece battles and slow advances, this time the strategy adopted was a swift, three-pronged assault of nine infantry divisions with attached armoured units and close air support that rapidly converged on
Sharon Waite, who declined to overrule the teaching assistant. Waite has said, "I kind of glanced at it, but I didn't see anything that was particularly outstanding about it and I thought the C was probably fine". Watson responded by starting a new push for ratification with a letter-writing campaign to state legislatures. In Dillon v. Gloss, the Supreme Court remarked that "ratification [of a proposed constitutional amendment] must be within some reasonable time after the proposal", and suggested that
Sheikh Mujibur Rahman called for general strikes that eventually shut down the government, and dissidents in the east began targeting the ethnic Bihari community, which largely supported West Pakistan. In early March 1971, approximately 300 Biharis were slaughtered in riots by Bengali mobs in Chittagong alone. The Government of Pakistan used the "Bihari massacre" to justify its deployment of the military in East Pakistan on 25 March, when it initiated its military crackdown. President Yahya Khan called on the military—which
Shibuya-kei, and chillwave. He received numerous industry awards, including two Grammy Awards and Kennedy Center Honors, as well as nominations for a Golden Globe Award and Primetime Emmy Award. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2000. His life was dramatized in the 2014 biopic Love and Mercy. He died in 2025 of respiratory arrest. Brian Douglas Wilson was born on June 20, 1942, at Centinela Hospital
Signals The conventional meanings assigned to plays made by the defenders in order to exchange information. Also, carding. Signoff bid 1) A bid that requests that partner pass. 2) A call that denies extra values, one that normally results in a pass by partner. Compare non-forcing bid, forcing bid. Sign off To make a signoff bid. Silent bidder A sheet, typically of card or plastic, placed in the center of the table during the bidding period, and marked with numeral,
Since 2010, there has been an increase in meetings between senior figures of both governments as they attempt to find a regional solution to the Afghan war and continue discussions on a proposed Iran–Pakistan gas pipeline and an Economic Cooperation Organization. Iranian media delegations have been visiting Pakistan annually since 2004, with many journalists settling in Pakistan. These visits have played an effective role in promoting mutual understanding and projecting a positive image of Pakistan in Iran. Notable Pakistani political
Sindh sectors was later ceded in the Simla Agreement of 1972, as a gesture of goodwill. Casualties inflicted to Pakistan Army's I Corps, II Corps, and Pakistan Marines' Punjab detachment were very high, and many soldiers and marines perished due to lack of operational planning and lack of coordination within the marine-army formations against Indian Army's Southern and Western Commands. By the time the war came to end, the army soldiers and marines were highly demoralised– both emotionally and psychologically–
Smith have "seldom been better". Hugo Rifkind of The Times said "While ardent monarchists might bristle at the way this is going, for the rest of us it's getting better and better". Alison Keene of Collider said "each new episode makes its mark and tells its own complete story... It's another exceptionally strong season of television, full of compelling drama and sweeping grandeur". Krutika Malikarjuna of TV Guide argued that the public is attracted to the royals' celebrity and star
Smucker felt that it might go on to be considered "album of the year" and described it as "the first successfully conceptualized Beach Boys release since Kokomo, the most moving since Pet Sounds, and the funniest since Smiley Smile". John Bush of AllMusic believed BWPS was "a remarkably unified, irresistible piece of pop music", yet decreed that it was "no musical watershed on par with Sgt. Pepper's [...] or Wilson's masterpiece, Pet Sounds". Writing in his 2005 book about Smile,
Snitch through preset rings, with three phases: flying through rings alone, racing rival Seekers, and catching the Snitch. Upon reaching a certain point in the game, the player can access a Quidditch Cup from the main menu, in which the player partakes in a competition against progressively harder teams. A half-giant, Rubeus Hagrid, leaves the orphaned infant Harry Potter with his maternal aunt's family. Eleven years later, Harry is invited to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Upon
Some felt that there was too much singing, compared with the instrumental texture of the original tapes." BWPS received three nominations for the 2005 Grammy Awards, including Best Pop Vocal Album and Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical (for Mark Linett). It won one Grammy, in the category of Best Rock Instrumental Performance for "Mrs. O'Leary's Cow". Smile also finished in second place in the Pazz & Jop, an annual critics poll run by The Village Voice. Pitchfork named it fifth best
Some members of the Tea Party movement argued for repealing the Seventeenth Amendment entirely, claiming it would protect states' rights and reduce the power of the federal government. On March 2, 2016, the Utah legislature approved Senate Joint Resolution No. 2 asking Congress to offer an amendment to the United States Constitution that would repeal the Seventeenth Amendment. As of 2025, no other states had supported such an amendment, and some politicians who had made statements in favor of repealing
Soufrière Hills volcano on the island of Montserrat leads to evacuation and eventual abandonment of the capital, Plymouth. An uncrewed spacecraft Progress M-34 collides with the Russian space station Mir. June 26 Bertie Ahern is appointed as the 10th Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland and Mary Harney is appointed as the 16th, and first female, Tánaiste, after their parties, Fianna Fáil and the Progressive Democrats respectively, win the 1997 General Election. Publication of J. K. Rowling's first Harry Potter
Sounds tours with concert dates featuring songs from the unfinished Smile album. Sahanaja assisted with sequencing and Parks contributed additional lyrics. Brian Wilson Presents Smile (BWPS) premiered at the Royal Festival Hall in February 2004 and its positive reception led to a subsequent studio album adaptation. Released in September, BWPS debuted at number 13 on the Billboard 200, the highest chart position for any album by the Beach Boys or Wilson since 1976's 15 Big Ones and the highest ever
South Africa. October 22 – Namie Amuro shocks her fans when she announces that she has recently married and is three months pregnant. She subsequently begins a one-year hiatus from the music industry. October 23 – R.E.M. drummer Bill Berry announces his departure from the group. October 25 – The 26th OTI Festival, held at Plaza Mayor in Lima, Peru, is won by the song "Se diga lo que se diga", written by Francisco Curiel and Josemanuel Fernández, and performed
South Korean singer (TWICE) February 8 Bella Poarch, Filipino American singer, songwriter, activist, veteran and internet star (Friend of Grimes) Rude-α, Japanese rapper February 10 – Maan de Steenwinkel, Dutch singer, actress February 11 Nasty C, South African rapper Rosé, South Korean-New Zealand singer and dancer (Blackpink) February 15 – Mia Boyka, Russian singer February 16 – Ren Meguro, Japanese singer (Snow Man) February 18 – DK, South Korean singer (Seventeen) February 23 – Shiena Nishizawa, Japanese singer March 2
Southern California. As of October 21, 2019, Rice is married to Latisha Pelayo whom he had dated since 2008. Rice is a Christian. He said he grew up as a Christian and still has the same faith from his youth. During the 2005–2006 broadcasting season, Rice competed in the second season of the reality competition show Dancing with the Stars. He paired with dancer Anna Trebunskaya, and they reached the final two before losing to singer Drew Lachey and his
Soviet Union, United Kingdom, France, China and India). Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif acknowledged Pakistan's nuclear capability and tests on 7 September 1997. Iran congratulated Pakistan for its nuclear testing. In 1995, Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto paid a state visit to Iran to lay the groundwork for a memorandum on energy, and begin work on an energy security agreement between the two countries. This was followed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's visit to Tehran for the 8th OIC Summit
Soviet Union, which was informative and authentic. Mathews was also impressed by the vignettes of his meetings with Chinese Communist Party leaders. The review suggests that those who love diplomatic history will "delight" in the assessment of the misconceptions, mistakes and missed opportunities that fractured the relations between the U.S. and PRC prior to Nixon's historic trip. She concludes that for the ordinary reader, the book offers enthralling, "entertaining and sometimes gossipy accounts of his meetings with China's most august
Soviets from the Nixon-Kissinger duo to get India to withdraw, but to no avail. On 10 December, Nixon ordered Task Force 74, led by the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise, to the Bay of Bengal. Enterprise and its escort ships arrived on station on 15 December 1971. According to a Russian documentary, the United Kingdom also deployed a carrier battle group led by the aircraft carrier HMS Eagle to the Bay, on her final deployment. On 6 and 13 December, the
Soviets were in an informal alliance with India, and the US therefore needed Pakistan to help to limit Soviet influence in South Asia. During the Cold War, Pakistan was a close formal ally of the United States and also had close relations with the People's Republic of China, with whom Nixon had been negotiating a rapprochement and where he intended to visit in February 1972. Nixon feared that an Indian invasion of Pakistan would mean total Soviet domination of the
Space Principle. Bidding system The complete set of agreements and understandings assigned to calls and sequences of calls used by a partnership, including a full description of the meaning of each treatment and convention. Biltcliffe coup (British slang) A sarcastic term applied to a poor result as a consequence of four steps: (1) the opponents are about to play in a part score, when you bid in pass-out seat, (2) the opponents then bid game, (3) you double for penalties,
Spain, and the United Kingdom held a convention in London and joined in alliance to send naval forces to Veracruz to demand reimbursement. France, at the time ruled by Napoleon III, decided to use the opportunity to establish an empire in Mexico that would favor French interests, whereupon Britain and Spain negotiated with Mexico and peacefully withdrew. The empire was part of an envisioned "Latin America" (term used to imply cultural kinship of the region with France) that would rebuild
Square. Korean immigrants had begun settling in the Mid-Wilshire area in the 1960s after the passage of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965. It was here that many opened successful businesses. As the riots spread, the police largely abandoned Koreatown to defend store fronts in the wealthy and predominantly white independent cities of Beverly Hills and West Hollywood. A Korean American resident later told reporters: "It was containment. The police cut off Koreatown traffic, while we were trapped on
Standard American Yellow Card, a particular bidding system or the completed ACBL convention card that represents it. Scientific A style of bidding that attempts to narrowly limit the strength of a partnership's hands, so as to make its bidding more accurate. Scissors coup A loser-on-loser play meant to break the opponents' communications. Formerly known as 'Coup without a name'. Score, or bridge scoring 1) The numeric result of a deal, session or event. 2) (Verb) Of a card, to win
Standard American, for instance, is a collection of conventions designed to bolster the accuracy and power of these basic ideas, while Precision Club is a system that uses the 1♣ opening bid for all or almost all strong hands (but sets the threshold for "strong" rather lower than most other systems – usually 16 high card points) and may include other artificial calls to handle other situations (but it may contain natural calls as well). Many experts today use a
States reject Russia's proposal to maintain unified armed forces. Ukraine, Moldova and Azerbaijan announce they will go ahead with plans to create their own military forces. February 16 – In Lebanon, Israeli helicopter gunships assassinate Abbas al-Musawi, the leader of Hezbollah, and his son, in retaliation for a February 14 raid that killed three Israeli soldiers. February 18 – Iraq disarmament crisis: The Executive Chairman of UNSCOM details Iraq's refusal to abide by UN Security Council disarmament resolutions. February 21
States shall forthwith cause the amendment to be published, with his certificate, specifying the States by which the same may have been adopted, and that the same has become valid, to all intents and purposes, as a part of the Constitution of the United States. The response in Congress was sharp. Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia scolded Wilson for certifying the amendment without congressional approval. Although Byrd supported congressional acceptance of the amendment, he contended that Wilson had deviated
States to form UNITAF, tasked with ensuring that humanitarian aid gets distributed and establishing peace in Somalia. December 4 – US President George Bush announces the deployment of US troops to Africa as part of the United Task Force (UNITAF); UNITAF troops land at Mogadishu on 9 December. December 6 – Demolition of Babri Masjid: Extremist Hindu activists in India demolish Babri Masjid – a 16th-century mosque in Ayodhya which has been used as a temple since 1949 – leading
States. January 11 – Turkey threatens Cyprus on account of a deal to buy Russian S-300 missiles, prompting the Cypriot Missile Crisis. January 16 – Murder of Ennis Cosby: Near Interstate 405 in Los Angeles, Bill Cosby's son Ennis is shot in the head in a failed robbery attempt. January 17 – A Delta II rocket carrying a military GPS payload explodes, shortly after liftoff from Cape Canaveral. January 18 – In northwest Rwanda, Hutu militia members kill 6 Spanish
States. The first season was watched on Netflix by 50 million member households in its first four weeks, making Cobra Kai the most-streamed show on Netflix during the month of September 2020. During the show's time on YouTube Red, Cobra Kai was not released on DVD, but once the show made its move to Netflix, Sony Pictures released the first and second seasons in a "Collector's Edition" DVD set on November 24, 2020 in the United States. In 2022, Sony
Steel Pier – Broadway production opened at the Richard Rodgers Theatre and ran for 76 performances Street Corner Symphony – Broadway production Titanic – Broadway production opened at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre and ran for 804 performances Triumph of Love – Broadway production opened at the Royale Theatre and ran for 85 performances Amy Anastasia (animated feature) Babes in Toyland (animated feature) Bandits Cats Don't Dance (animated feature) Cinderella (telefilm) Elton John: Tantrums & Tiaras Hercules (animated feature) Holiday in Your
Stephane Grappelli, French violinist, 89 December 2 – Michael Hedges, composer and guitarist, 43 (car accident) December 16 – Nicolette Larson, pop singer ("Lotta Love"), 45 (cerebral edema) December 19 – Jimmy Rogers, blues musician, 73 December 21 – Amie Comeaux, American singer and actress, 21 (traffic accident) December 28 – Henry Barraud, French composer, 97 December 31 – Floyd Cramer, pianist, 64 1997 Country Music Association Awards Eurovision Song Contest 1997: won by Katrina and the Waves (UK) with
Still... for string orchestra, Op. 72 Robert Ashley – Balseros Antonio Braga – San Domenico di Guzman (oratorio) Michael Daugherty – Jackie O Peter Lieberson – Ashoka's Dream Einojuhani Rautavaara – Aleksis Kivi 1776 – Broadway revival Annie – Broadway revival Candide (Leonard Bernstein) – Broadway revival Dream – Broadway production opened at the Royale Theatre and ran for 109 performances Forever Tango – Broadway production Jekyll & Hyde – Broadway production opened at the Plymouth Theatre and ran for
Stock Services. In July 2019, the breed advanced to the AKC Miscellaneous Class, and by 2026 the breed had been fully recognized by the AKC. The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is a low-set, muscular, active, small- to medium-sized hunting terrier. The preferred ratio of length of body (prosternum to point of buttocks) to height (withers to ground) is 10:7. The head is broad, slightly domed, wedge-shaped, and proportionate to the size of the body. Ears are V-shaped, set at the outside
Stoessel, Argentine actress, singer, songwriter, dancer and model. March 24 – Mina, Japanese singer and dancer (TWICE) March 26 – Glowie, Icelandic singer March 27 – Lisa, Thai singer, dancer, rapper (Blackpink) March 29 – Arón Piper, German-Spanish actor and singer April 2 – Peach PRC, Australian pop singer, songwriter, activist, and internet personality April 3 – Kiana Lede, American singer-songwriter, actress, pianist and actress April 6 – Mingyu, South Korean rapper and singer (Seventeen) April 8 - Saygrace, Australian
Stone title listing at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone at Open Library
Story, was written with journalist Todd Gold and published in October 1991. Landy was a close partner in the writing and production process. It was subsequently discredited by Wilson's biographers, including Peter Ames Carlin, who writes that the book had plagiarized excerpts from earlier biographies. The memoir prompted defamation lawsuits from Mike Love and Al Jardine, as well as his brother Carl and their mother Audree. In later years, many writers found Wilson challenging to interview, as his responses were
Street Journal opinion piece. Media related to Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution at Wikimedia Commons
Studios released a companion video game for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, to coincide with the third series of the programme, entitled The Grand Tour Game. Designed as an episodic, casual racing game, players take on a series of challenges based upon those from the series and using the same cars involved - for each new episode of the series, an episode of the game is simultaneously released with approximately 15 new challenges for the player to undertake. The game
Super Bowl champion Dallas Cowboys, being unable to stop the offense of Troy Aikman and Emmitt Smith. Rice had eight receptions for 123 yards and a touchdown in the game, with the touchdown being his 13th of his postseason career, an NFL record. After the 1992 season, in April 1993, Montana was traded to the Kansas City Chiefs; Rice wasn't able to properly say goodbye to him, and believed that San Francisco should have "treated Joe with more class" when
Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei appealed to Muslims worldwide to back the freedom struggle in Muslim-majority Jammu and Kashmir, equating the dispute with the ongoing conflicts of the Greater Middle East region. "Today the major duty of the elite of the Islamic Ummah is to provide help to the Palestinian nation and the besieged people of Gaza, to sympathize and provide assistance to the nations of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq and Kashmir, to engage in struggle and resistance against the aggressions of
Sylhet. In the late night operation carried out by Major Shyam Kelkar, India was able to force Pakistani forces to retreat despite heavy casualties including Maj Kelkar. On 7 December, after a major buildup of forces around the city of Sylhet, Lt Gen Sagat Singh ordered the 4/5th battalion of the Gorkha regiment to carry out a heliborne operation under the command of Lt Col A. B. Harolikar. The first wave of attacks was carried out on the same day
System (ERTMS) with the goal of greatly enhancing safety, increase efficiency of train transports and enhance cross-border interoperability. This is done by replacing former national signalling equipment and operational procedures with a single new Europe-wide standard for train control and command systems. This system is conducted by the European Union Agency for Railways (ERA). The Schengen Area is an area comprising 29 European countries that have officially abolished all passport and all other types of border control at their mutual
System of labour market regulation, the government's legislative role is much more limited, which allows for more issues to be decided between employers and employees and any union or employers' associations which might represent these parties in the decision-making process. However, in these countries, collective agreements are not widespread; only a few businesses and a few sectors of the economy have a strong tradition of finding collective solutions in labour relations. Ireland and the UK belong to this category, and
TGV trains, Air Inter had encouraged its pilots to fly at high speeds at low altitudes, and had not installed ground proximity warning systems on its airliners because such systems generated too many nuisance alarms during high-speed, low-altitude flight. January 22 – Rebel forces occupy Zaire's national radio station in Kinshasa and broadcast a demand for the government's resignation. January 24 – China and Israel establish diplomatic relations. January 26 Boris Yeltsin announces that Russia will stop targeting cities of
TV). However, the Austrian Times reported on 2 September that after being beaten by four men at her home in northern Hungary who threatened to rape her, she pulled out of the auction. In May 2011, it was reported that a 21-year-old Belgian student named "Noelle" had auctioned off her virginity via an Amsterdam-based escort website for 50,000 euros. Previously it had been reported that she had received a bid of £1 million. In any event, it turned out the
Taoism, and Buddhism have historically shaped Chinese culture, enriching a theological and spiritual framework of traditional religion which harks back to the early Shang and Zhou dynasty. Chinese folk religion, which is framed by the three doctrines and by other traditions, consists in allegiance to the shen, who can be deities of the surrounding nature or ancestral principles of human groups, concepts of civility, culture heroes, many of whom feature in Chinese mythology and history. Amongst the most popular cults
Teams A single-elimination tournament for teams-of-four. Routinely each round pairs all of the competing teams in head-to-head matches—win or lose; no draw or tie. Winners advance to the next round and losers are eliminated. The size of the field, or initial number of competing teams, must be a power of two. Only then, the format generates for each round an even number of teams, which enables a complete set of head-to-head matches. Minor variants of great practical importance handle fields
Terrier. The Rat Terrier's background is said to stem from the terriers or other dogs that were brought over by early English and other working-class immigrants. Since the breed was a farm, hunting, and utility dog, little to no planned breeding was used other than breeding dogs with agreeable traits to each other to produce the desired work ethic in the dog. The Feist (dog), Bull Terrier, Smooth Fox Terrier, Manchester Terrier, Whippet, Italian Greyhound, the now extinct English White
Test cricket is played between international cricket teams who are Full Members of the International Cricket Council (ICC). Unlike One Day Internationals, Test matches consist of two innings per team, with no limit in the number of overs. Test cricket is first-class cricket, so statistics and records set in Test matches are also counted toward first-class records. The duration of Tests, currently limited to five days, has varied through Test history, ranging from three days to timeless matches. The earliest
Tests, currently limited to five days, has varied through Test history, ranging from three days to timeless matches. The earliest match now recognised as a Test was played between England and Australia in March 1877; since then there have been over 2,000 Tests played by 13 teams. The frequency of Tests has steadily increased partly because of the increase in the number of Test-playing countries, and partly as cricket boards seek to maximise their revenue. Cricket is, by its nature,
Tew Estate, with filming taking place between October and December 2018. Filming for the fourth series began in June 2019. Clarkson made the announcement on Instagram. By mid-June, filming had taken place in Cambodia. Later that month, Clarkson, Hammond, and May were spotted filming in Vietnam. Another fourth series special was shot in Madagascar around November 2019, though its post-production to a final product was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. There were plans to film in north Russia in
The 1992 Los Angeles riots (also called the Rodney King Riots) were a series of riots and civil disturbances that occurred in Los Angeles County, California, United States, during April and May 1992. Unrest began in South Central Los Angeles on April 29, after a jury acquitted four officers of the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) charged with using excessive force in the arrest and beating of Rodney King. The incident had been videotaped by George Holliday, who was a
The 49ers traded their first, second, and third-round picks for the New England Patriots' first and third-round picks. The 49ers had the No. 16 selection overall and drafted Rice before the Cowboys had a chance. Walsh described Rice as "a swift, smooth player who's got great instincts running with the ball, going to the ball and catching in a crowd." Rice was selected by the United States Football League (USFL), where the Birmingham Stallions selected him with the No. 1
The 5.3 Mw Roermond earthquake affects the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium with a maximum Mercalli intensity of VII (Very strong). April 15 – The National Assembly of Vietnam adopts the 1992 Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. April 16 – President of Afghanistan Mohammad Najibullah is ousted and detained by Muslim rebels moving towards Kabul, setting the stage for the civil war in Afghanistan (1992–96). April 20 – The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert, held at Wembley Stadium, London, is
The ACBL specifies announcements including "Transfer" for some transfer replies to notrump bids, the point range such as "15 to 17" for an opening bid of one notrump, and "Forcing" or "Semi-forcing" for a 1NT response to a major suit opening bid. Antipositional A call is antipositional if it tends to make the "wrong" partner the declarer. If West opens the bidding, it may be best for South to declare a North-South contract, so that West will have to play
The Bangladesh Liberation War (Bengali: মুক্তিযুদ্ধ, pronounced [mukt̪iɟud̪d̪ʱo]), also known as the Bangladesh War of Independence, was an armed conflict sparked by the rise of the Bengali nationalist and self-determination movement in East Pakistan, which resulted in the independence of Bangladesh with the help of India. The war began when the Pakistani military junta based in West Pakistan—under the orders of Yahya Khan—launched Operation Searchlight against East Pakistanis on the night of 25 March 1971, initiating the Bangladesh genocide. In
The Bangladeshi independence fighters even managed to temporarily capture airstrips at Lalmonirhat and Shalutikar. Both of these were used for flying in supplies and arms from India. Pakistan sent another five battalions from West Pakistan as reinforcements. All unprejudiced persons objectively surveying the grim events in Bangladesh since March 25 have recognised the revolt of 75 million people, a people who were forced to the conclusion that neither their life, nor their liberty, to say nothing of the possibility of
The Boston Globe and Michael Winerip in The New York Times complained that the final chapters were the weakest part of the book, they and most other American reviewers gave glowing praise. A year later, the US edition was selected as an American Library Association Notable Book, a Publishers Weekly Best Book of 1998 and a New York Public Library 1998 Best Book of the Year and won Parenting Magazine's Book of the Year Award for 1998, the School Library
The City in Crisis, was initiated by the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners; it made many of the same observations as the Assembly Special Committee about the growth of popular urban dissatisfaction. In their study, Farrell and Johnson found similar factors, including the diversification of the L.A. population, the tension between the successful Korean businesses and other minorities, and excessive force on minorities by LAPD and the effect of laissez-faire business on urban employment opportunities. Rioters were believed to
The Collective Security Treaty Organization is established by six post-Soviet states belonging to the Commonwealth of Independent States (effective April 20, 1994). May 16–17 – Bosnian War: U.N. peacekeepers withdraw from Sarajevo. May 17 – Protests begin in Bangkok, Thailand, against the government of General Suchinda Kraprayoon, sparking a bloody crackdown. May 23 – Capaci bombing: A Mafia bomb on the autostrada in Sicily kills five people, including Italian anti-Mafia judge Giovanni Falcone. May 24 In Thailand, Suchinda Kraprayoon agrees
The Coton de Tuléar is a breed of small dog named for the city of Tuléar (also known as Toliara) in Madagascar. This breed is thought to have originated from a group of small white dogs that swam across the Malagasy channel following a shipwreck. Known for its cotton-like coat, the Coton de Tuléar typically grows to no more than 8.2 kg (18 lb), and is white, sometimes with grey, tan, black, or tri-colored markings. Multiple registries with differing standards
The ECB Executive Board enforces the policies and decisions of the Governing Council, and may direct the national central banks when doing so. The ECB has the exclusive right to authorise the issuance of euro banknotes. Member states can issue euro coins, but the volume must be approved by the ECB beforehand. The bank also operates the T2 (RTGS) payments system. The European System of Central Banks (ESCB) consists of the ECB and the national central banks (NCBs) of all
The European Ombudsman is the ombudsman branch of the European Union that holds the institutions, bodies and agencies of the EU to account, and promotes good administration. The Ombudsman helps people, businesses and organisations facing problems with the EU administration by investigating complaints, as well as by proactively looking into broader systemic issues. The current Ombudsman is Teresa Anjinho. The European Public Prosecutor's Office (EPPO) is the prosecutory branch of the union with juridical personality, established under the Treaty of
The European Personnel Selection Office (EPSO) is the EU's civil service recruitment body and operates its selection of candidates via generalist and specialist competitions. Each institution is then able to recruit staff from among the pool of candidates selected by EPSO. On average, EPSO receives around 60,000–70,000 applications a year with around 1,500–2,000 candidates recruited by the European Union institutions. The European Ombudsman is the ombudsman branch of the European Union that holds the institutions, bodies and agencies of the
The European Union (EU) is a supranational political and economic union of 27 member states that are located primarily in Europe. The union has a total area of 4,233,255 km2 (1,634,469 sq mi) and an estimated population of more than 450 million as of 2025. The EU is often described as a sui generis political entity combining characteristics of both a federation and a confederation. Containing 5.5% of the world population in 2023, EU member states generated a nominal gross
The European Union: Questions and Answers. Congressional Research Service. Works by European Union at Project Gutenberg Works by or about European Union at the Internet Archive European Union on Nobelprize.org
The Fickle Virgin of Seventeen Summers: A Quartet for Strings Sofia Gubaidulina – The Canticle of the Sun Jaakko Mäntyjärvi – Canticum Calamitatis Maritiamae David Sawer – The Greatest Happiness Principle Tan Dun – Symphony 1997: Heaven, Earth, Mankind Takashi Yoshimatsu Around the Round Ground for guitar and bells Piano Concerto Memo Flora for piano and orchestra And Birds Are Still... for string orchestra, Op. 72 Robert Ashley – Balseros Antonio Braga – San Domenico di Guzman (oratorio) Michael Daugherty
The Grand Tour is a British motoring television series that is streaming on Amazon Prime Video, presented by Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, and James May (who also co-created the show along with Andy Wilman). The programme focuses on conducting reviews of various models of car, new models and vintage classics, as well as tackling motoring-styled challenges and races, and features the use of studio segments between pre-recorded films. The following is a list of episodes, listed in order of their
The Grand Tour is a British motoring television series, created by Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, James May, and Andy Wilman, for Amazon Prime Video, and premiered on 18 November 2016. The programme was devised in the wake of the departure of Clarkson, Hammond, May, and Wilman from the BBC television series Top Gear with an initial order of 36 episodes that were released over three years. The show initially followed a format similar to Top Gear, including car reviews and
The India–Pakistan war of 1971, also known as the third Indo-Pakistani war, was a military confrontation between India and Pakistan that occurred during the Bangladesh Liberation War in East Pakistan from 3 December 1971 until the Pakistani capitulation in Dhaka on 16 December 1971. The war began with Pakistan's Operation Chengiz Khan, consisting of preemptive aerial strikes on eight Indian air stations. The strikes led to India declaring war on Pakistan, marking their entry into the war for East Pakistan's
The Jew's harp, also known as jaw harp, juice harp, or mouth harp, is a lamellophone instrument, consisting of a flexible metal or bamboo tongue or reed attached to a frame. Despite the colloquial name, the Jew's harp most likely originated in China, with the earliest known Jew's harps dating back 4,000 years ago from Shaanxi. It has no relation to the Jewish people. Jew's harps may be categorized as idioglot or heteroglot (whether or not the frame and the
The Karate Kid (1984), The Karate Kid Part II (1986), and The Karate Kid Part III (1989). All of the main actors, and a few supporting actors, reprise their original roles. With regard to The Karate Kid animated children's show (1989), Hurwitz has stated that he doesn't consider it to be part of the Miyagi-verse canon, but an Easter egg from it appears in season three, in response to the question about its status within Cobra Kai. In addition, throughout
The Karate Kid is a 1984 American martial arts drama film directed by John G. Avildsen and written by Robert Mark Kamen. It is the first film in The Karate Kid franchise. The film stars Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Elisabeth Shue and William Zabka. The story follows Daniel LaRusso (Macchio), an Italian-American teenager from New Jersey who moves with his widowed mother to the Reseda neighborhood of Los Angeles. There, LaRusso encounters harassment from bullies, one of whom is Johnny
The Karate Kid is a 2010 martial arts drama film directed by Harald Zwart from a screenplay by Christopher Murphey, based on a story by Robert Mark Kamen. It serves as the fifth film in The Karate Kid franchise. The film stars Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan in the lead roles, with Taraji P. Henson, Wenwen Han, Zhenwei Wang, Luke Carberry, Zhensu Wu, Zhiheng Wang, and Yu Rongguang in supporting roles. The story follows 12-year-old Dre Parker from Detroit, who
The London Gazette began reporting on the auctioning of artwork in the coffeehouses and taverns of London in the late 17th century. The first known auction house in the world was the Stockholm Auction House, Sweden (Stockholms Auktionsverk), founded by Baron Claes Rålamb in 1674. Sotheby's, currently the world's second-largest auction house, was founded in London on 11 March 1744, when Samuel Baker presided over the disposal of "several hundred scarce and valuable" books from the library of an acquaintance.
The Mexicans recaptured Mexico City, and Maximilian I was apprehended and executed, along with his Mexican generals Miguel Miramón and Tomás Mejía Camacho in Cerro de las Campanas, Querétaro. "On June 5, 1867, Benito Juárez entered Mexico City where he installed a new government organizing his administration." The Battle of Puebla was significant, both nationally and internationally, for several reasons. First, "This battle was significant in that the 4,000 Mexican soldiers were greatly outnumbered by the well-equipped French army of
The Ostpolitik and the ensuing détente led to establishment of a first truly pan-European body, the Conference on Security and Co-operation in Europe (CSCE), predecessor of the modern Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). In 1979, the first direct elections to the European Parliament were held. Greece joined in 1981. In 1985, Greenland left the Communities, following a dispute over fishing rights. During the same year, the Schengen Agreement paved the way for the creation of open borders
The Pakistan International School and College – Tehran aims to serve and accommodate additional educational needs for Pakistani families living in Tehran. Urdu has a strong influence from Persian. The name Pakistan, which can be translated as "Land of the Pure", relates to the Persian word pak, which means pure. Football is the most popular sport played in the border regions. Cricket is also played to some extent in Iranian Balochistan; most of the Iranian national cricket team is Balochi,
The Sacred Harp that, while retaining most of the old songs, also added new tunes that reflected more contemporary music styles. Cooper made other changes, too: He retitled many old songs. These songs were formerly named by their tune, using arbitrarily chosen place names ("New Britain", "Northfield", "Charlestown"). The new names were based on the text; thus "New Britain" became "Amazing Grace", "Northfield" became "How Long, Dear Savior", and so on. The old system was intended in colonial times to
The Seventeenth Amendment (Amendment XVII) to the United States Constitution established the direct election of United States senators in each state. The amendment supersedes Article I, Section 3, Clauses 1 and 2 of the Constitution, under which senators were appointed by state legislatures. It also alters the procedure for filling vacancies in the Senate, allowing for state legislatures to permit their governors to make temporary appointments until a special election can be held. The amendment was proposed by the 62nd
The Sports Network awarded the inaugural Jerry Rice Award, to be given each year to the most outstanding freshman Football Championship Subdivision (formerly I-AA) player. The inaugural winner was Towson running back Terrance West. In January 2015, Rice talked about putting Stickum, a substance which makes the ball easier to catch and hold on to, on his gloves during his career saying, "I know this might be a little illegal, guys, but you put a little spray, a little Stickum
The Tango Lesson The Wiggles Movie Wild Man Blues Year of the Horse January 1 – Noah Kahan, American folk musician January 7 – Ayumi Ishida, Japanese pop singer and dancer (Morning Musume) January 9 – Daigo Nishihata, Japanese singer (Naniwa Danshi) January 11 – Cody Simpson, Australian surf pop singer-songwriter, musician and athlete January 14 – Jaira Burns, American singer-songwriter January 17 – Jack Vidgen, Australian singer, 2011 Australia's Got Talent winner, activist and television personality January 20 –
The Teddy Bears were an American pop music group. They were record producer Phil Spector's first vocal group. Following graduation from Fairfax High School in Los Angeles, California, Phil Spector became obsessed with "To Know Him Is to Love Him", a song he had written for his group, the Teddy Bears. After a hasty audition at Era Records, which offered to finance a studio session, the Teddy Bears – Phil Spector, Marshall Leib, Harvey Goldstein (who left the group early
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is a small to medium-sized American hunting terrier. It is lower-set, with shorter legs, and is more muscular with heavier bone density than the related American Rat Terrier. Much diversity exists in the history of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier breed, and it shares a common early history with the American Rat Terrier, Fox Paulistinha, and Tenterfield Terrier. The Rat Terrier's background is said to stem from the terriers or other dogs that were brought over by
The Twenty-fifth Amendment (Amendment XXV) to the United States Constitution addresses issues related to presidential succession and disability. It clarifies that the vice president becomes president if the president dies, resigns, or is removed from office by impeachment. It also establishes the procedure for filling a vacancy in the office of the vice president. The amendment provides for the temporary transfer of the president's powers and duties to the vice president, either on the president's initiative alone or on the
The Twenty-seventh Amendment (Amendment XXVII, also known as the Congressional Pay Amendment or the Congressional Compensation Act of 1789) to the United States Constitution states that any law that increases or decreases the salary of members of Congress may take effect only after the next election of the House of Representatives has occurred. It is the most recently adopted amendment but was one of the first proposed. The 1st Congress submitted the amendment to the states for ratification on September
The U.S. and the South Asian Crisis of 1971. 16 December 1971: any lessons learned? By Ayaz Amir – Pakistan's Dawn India-Pakistan 1971 War as covered by TIME Indian Air Force Combat Kills in the 1971 war (unofficial), Centre for Indian Military History Op Cactus Lilly: 19 Infantry Division in 1971, a personal recall by Lt Col Balwant Singh Sahore All for a bottle of Scotch, a personal recall of Major (later Major General) C K Karumbaya, SM, the battle
The UNION of European Practitioners in Intellectual Property, or UNION-IP, is a European association of practitioners in the field of intellectual property. It was founded in 1961 under the name was "UNION of European Patent Attorneys". Intellectual property organization Official website
The War Report's supplementary section was published by the Pakistan Government, but it did not officially hand over the report to Bangladesh despite its requests. The War Report exposed many military failures, from the strategic to the tactical–intelligence levels, while it confirmed the looting, rapes and the unnecessary killings by the Pakistan military and their local agents. It laid the blame squarely on Pakistan Army generals, accusing them of debauchery, smuggling, war crimes and neglect of duty. The War Commission
The amendment eventually became part of the United States Constitution, effective May 5, 1992. The idea behind this amendment is to reduce corruption in the legislative branch by requiring an election before a congressperson's salary increase takes effect. The public can thus remove members of Congress from office before their salaries increase. It is unclear whether the amendment has produced any change in congressional behavior. An unintended consequence of the amendment is that, unlike executive branch employees or Congressional staff,
The bid has mild preemptive value; contrast Strong notrump. To show a strong notrump, the weak notrump user opens with a suit and rebids in notrump. Weak suit game try Following a major suit raise to the two level, the weak suit game try names a suit with at least three cards and at least two losers where partner's short suit is likely to be useful, as will a strong suit. Three small cards is ideal. 2) Alternative term for
The coat of arms of Ireland is blazoned as Azure a harp Or, stringed Argent (a gold harp with silver strings on a blue background). These arms have long been Ireland's heraldic emblem. References to them as being the arms of the king of Ireland can be found as early as the 13th century. These arms were adopted by Henry VIII of England when he ended the period of Lordship of Ireland and declared Ireland to be a kingdom again
The coat of arms of the Government of Northern Ireland was granted to the Executive Committee of the Privy Council of Northern Ireland in 1924. The Government of Northern Ireland was replaced by the Northern Ireland Executive in 1974 and consequently the arms can no longer be used. The coat of arms was designed by Major Sir Nevile Wilkinson, Ulster King of Arms, at Dublin Castle, in 1923. In January 1924, Major Wilkinson held discussions with Northern Irish officials in
The coat of arms of the United Kingdom, also referred to as the royal arms, are the arms of dominion of the British monarch, currently Charles III. They are used by the Government of the United Kingdom and by other Crown institutions, including courts in the United Kingdom and in some parts of the Commonwealth. Differenced versions of the arms are used by members of the British royal family. The monarch's official flag, the royal standard, is the coat of
The figure was ceremonial, and Rice received no money. A halftime ceremony honored him during the 49ers' match-up with the Seattle Seahawks on November 19, 2006. Rice holds numerous NFL receiving records. His 197 career touchdown receptions are 41 scores more than the second place of 156 touchdown receptions by Randy Moss; his 208 total touchdowns (197 receiving, ten rushing, and one fumble recovery) are 33 scores ahead of Emmitt Smith's second-place total of 175. His 22,895 career receiving yards
The final episode featuring Clarkson, Hammond, and May as presenters was released on 13 September 2024, ending the 22-year-long partnership between the trio. In February 2026, the new line-up of hosts was confirmed as James Engelsman, Thomas Holland, and Francis Bourgeois, who are set to present a seventh series scheduled for release in 2026. The Grand Tour has received generally positive reviews from critics, with praise for the chemistry of its original presenters and strong production values. It is one
The first UK Sacred Harp convention took place in 1996. There are active regular local singings and all-day singings in many places around the UK. Canada has a decades-long tradition of Sacred Harp singing, particularly in Southern Ontario and the Eastern Townships of Quebec. Singings have been organized weekly in Montreal, Quebec since 2011, as well as a monthly afternoon sing, and the first Montreal all-day sing took place in the spring of 2016. Sacred Harp singing has happened on
The fourth season had a positive response from critics. It received a 95% Rotten Tomatoes approval rating, with an average score of 7.9 out of 10 based on 42 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads: "Cobra Kai still delights in a fourth season that mines great fun from shifting alliances, chiefly the uneasy truce between Johnny Lawrence and Daniel LaRusso." Metacritic's weighted average assigned the fourth season a score of 70 out of 100, based on eight critics, indicating "generally
The game received mixed reviews, with critics praising the faithful recreation of the Harry Potter universe and some gameplay elements, while criticizing its technical limitations, simplistic mechanics, and lack of depth. The PlayStation version sold 8 million copies by May 2003, making it the sixth best-selling PlayStation video game of all time. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is an action-adventure game with platformer elements. The player controls Harry Potter, guiding him through a narrative reflecting that of the novel.
The highest bidder pays the price they submitted. In private value auctions, every bidder has their own valuation of the auctioned good. A common value auction is opposite, where the valuation of the auctioned good is identical among the bidders. The range of auctions' contexts is extremely wide and one can buy almost anything, from a house to an endowment policy and everything in between. Some of the recent developments have been the use of the Internet both as a
The introduction of a mandatory and comprehensive European energy policy was approved at the meeting of the European Council in October 2005, and the first draft policy was published in January 2007. The EU has five key points in its energy policy: increase competition in the internal market, encourage investment and boost interconnections between electricity grids; diversify energy resources with better systems to respond to a crisis; establish a new treaty framework for energy co-operation with Russia while improving relations
The issue was diagnosed as a nerve impingement. The exact cause remains unclear. Due to this infirmity, Wilson developed a habit of speaking from the side of his mouth, giving the false impression that he had suffered a stroke. He also experienced tinnitus. In the late 1960s, he underwent corrective surgery that was unsuccessful in restoring his hearing. Wilson's first serious relationship was with Judy Bowles, a high school student he had met at a baseball game in mid-1961. The
The most expensive item to ever be sold in an auction is Leonardo da Vinci's Salvator Mundi in 2017 ($450.3 million). In 2018, the yearly revenues of the two biggest auction houses were $5 billion (Christie's) and $4 billion (Sotheby's). Auctions come in a variety of types and categories, which are sometimes not mutually exclusive. Typification of auctions is considered to be a part of Auction theory. The economists Paul Milgrom and Robert B. Wilson were awarded the 2020 Nobel
The note or tone thus produced is constant in pitch, though by changing the shape of the mouth, and the amount of air contained in it (and in some traditions closing the glottis), the performer can cause different overtones to sound and thus create melodies. According to the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition, "The vibrations of the steel tongue produce a compound sound composed of a fundamental and its harmonics. By using the cavity of the mouth as a resonator, each
The official name of the modern state is the "People's Republic of China" (simplified Chinese: 中华人民共和国; traditional Chinese: 中華人民共和國; pinyin: Zhōnghuá rénmín gònghéguó). The shorter form is "China" (中国; 中國; Zhōngguó), from zhōng ('central') and guó ('state'), a term which developed under the Western Zhou dynasty in reference to its royal demesne. It was used in official documents as an synonym for the state under the Qing. The name Zhongguo is also translated as 'Middle Kingdom' in English. China is
The opponents can either accept the claim and the round is scored accordingly, or dispute the claim. If the claim is disputed, play continues with the claiming player's cards face up in rubber games, or in duplicate games, play ceases and the tournament director is called to adjudicate the hand. At the end of the hand, points are awarded to the declaring side if they make the contract, or else to the defenders. Partnerships can be vulnerable, increasing the rewards
The preamble to the Treaty on European Union mentions the "cultural, religious and humanist inheritance of Europe". Discussion over the draft texts of the European Constitution and later the Treaty of Lisbon included proposals to mention Christianity or a god, or both, in the preamble of the text, but the idea faced opposition and was dropped. Christians in the EU include Catholics of both Latin and Eastern Rite, numerous Protestant denominations with Lutherans, Anglicans, and Reformed forming the majority of
The railways strain to meet enormous demand particularly during the Chinese New Year holiday, when the world's largest annual human migration called Chunyun takes place. China's high-speed rail (HSR) system started construction in the early 2000s. By the end of 2025, high speed rail in China had reached 50,400 kilometers (31,317 miles) of dedicated lines alone, making it the longest HSR network in the world. Services on the Beijing–Shanghai, Beijing–Tianjin, and Chengdu–Chongqing lines reach up to 350 km/h (217 mph),
The second season of The Crown follows the life and reign of Queen Elizabeth II. It consists of ten episodes and was released by Netflix on 8 December 2017. Claire Foy stars as Elizabeth, with main cast members Matt Smith, Vanessa Kirby, Jeremy Northam, Greg Wise, Victoria Hamilton, Alex Jennings and Lia Williams reprising their roles from the first season. Anton Lesser and Matthew Goode are added to the main cast. Original main cast members Jared Harris, John Lithgow, and
The stocky, bushy–browed Pathan had been the army chief of staff since 1966... Yahya (pronounced Ya-hee-uh) Khan claims direct descent from warrior nobles who fought in the elite armies of Nader Shah, the Persian adventurer who conquered Delhi in the 18th century.According to Indian journalist Dewan Barindranath's book Private Life of Yahya Khan (published in 1974), Yahya's father, Saadat Ali Khan, worked in the Indian Imperial Police, in the Punjab province. He joined as a head constable and retired as
The term apparently originated from the whist practice of arranging the first six tricks into a stack called a "book." (Noun) The number of tricks that the defensive side must take so as to hold declarer to his contract. If the contract is 4♠, defenders' book is 3. (Verb, usually passive) Slang. As declarer, to have lost the maximum number of tricks without being set. At 4♠, declarer is "booked" when he has lost three tricks. Bottom At matchpoint scoring,
The town's first school was built in 1898, but only served white children. In 1901 William Edward Geoffrey, a black man from Darlington, South Carolina who had come to work on the railroad, set up school for black children. The school served as the heart of the community and remained Gifford High School until integration, and the last graduating class was in 1969, before transitioning into the middle school. In 2018, the Historic Macedonia Church was converted into the Gifford
The understory of moist conifer forests may contain thickets of bamboo. In higher montane stands of juniper and yew, the bamboo is replaced by rhododendrons. Subtropical forests, which are predominate in central and southern China, support a high density of plant species including numerous rare endemics. Tropical and seasonal rainforests, though confined to Yunnan and Hainan, contain a quarter of all the animal and plant species found in China. China has over 10,000 recorded species of fungi. In the early
The writing has been compared to that of Jane Austen, one of Rowling's favourite authors; Roald Dahl, whose works dominated children's stories before the appearance of Harry Potter; and the ancient Greek story-teller Homer. While some commentators thought the book looked backward to Victorian and Edwardian boarding school stories, others thought it placed the genre firmly in the modern world by featuring contemporary ethical and social issues, as well as showing overcoming obstacles like bullying. The Harry Potter series has
The year 1997 in film involved many significant films, including Titanic, The Full Monty, Gattaca, Donnie Brasco, Good Will Hunting, Boogie Nights, L.A. Confidential, The Fifth Element, Nil by Mouth, and the beginning of the film studio DreamWorks. The top 10 films released in 1997 by worldwide gross are as follows: Titanic became the first film in history to pass $1 billion at the box office on March 1, 1998. Titanic held the record for the highest-grossing film of all
Theatre. The Tour also included shows in Los Angeles and Washington, D.C. Across all its productions worldwide, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has sold over 6 million tickets. The play was originally produced as a two-part play, that could be viewed on the same day (i.e. in the afternoon and in the evening) or over two evenings. In June 2021, the play was re-staged as a single 3½-hour show for future performances on Broadway in November 2021. In 2022,
There was significant sectarian violence not only perpetrated and encouraged by the Pakistani army, but also by Bengali nationalists against non-Bengali minorities, especially Biharis. In June 1971, Bihari representatives said that 500,000 Biharis were killed by Bengalis. R. J. Rummel gives a prudent estimate of 150,000 killed. On 16 December 2002, the George Washington University's National Security Archive published a collection of declassified documents, consisting mostly of communications between U.S. embassy officials and United States Information Service centers in Dacca
These are lists of the lowest-income counties in the United States, based on measures of per capita personal income and median household income. This article lists counties by per capita personal income (PCPI), a more comprehensive measurement of an individual's income than per capita income (PCI). Two common measurements of the average annual income of individuals in the United States are: per capita income (PCI) and per capita personal income (PCPI). Per capita personal income is the more comprehensive of
These included the Working Time Directive and the Environmental Impact Assessment Directive. The European Directive about Minimum Wage, which looks to lift minimum wages and strengthen collective bargaining was approved by the European Parliament in September 2022. The five European Structural and Investment Funds are supporting the development of the EU regions, primarily the underdeveloped ones, located mostly in the states of central and southern Europe. Another fund (the Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance) provides support for candidate members to transform
These terms are used in contract bridge, using duplicate or rubber scoring. Some of them are also used in whist, bid whist, the obsolete game auction bridge, and other trick-taking games. This glossary supplements the Glossary of card game terms. In the following entries, boldface links are external to the glossary and plain links reference other glossary entries. 3014 or 3014 RKCB A mnemonic for the original (Roman) response structure to the Roman Key Card Blackwood convention. It represents "3
This List of French words of Germanic origin is a dictionary of Standard Modern French words and phrases deriving from any Germanic language of any period, whether incorporated in the formation of the French language or borrowed at any time thereafter. The following list details words, affixes and phrases that contain Germanic etymons. Words where only an affix is Germanic (e.g. méfait, bouillard, carnavalesque) are excluded, as are words borrowed from a Germanic language where the origin is other than
This is a list of common dog crossbreeds. These are crossbreed dogs created deliberately by crossing two purebred dogs. Some are known as designer dogs and are bred as companion dogs, often given portmanteau names derived from those of the parent breeds; others are bred to combine specific working qualities inherent in the parent breeds. Dog crossbreed List of dog breeds Mongrel Andersen, Erin (23 July 2006). "Custom canines". Lincoln Journal Star. Retrieved 23 December 2019.{{cite news}}: CS1 maint: deprecated
This is a list of notable events in music that took place in the year 1997. 1997 in British music 1997 in Norwegian music 1997 in Scandinavian music 1997 in South Korean music 1997 in classical music 1997 in country music 1997 in heavy metal music 1997 in hip hop music 1997 in jazz 1997 in Latin music 1997 in progressive rock January 1 – Townes Van Zandt dies of a cardiac arrhythmia. January 6 – Scottish band Texas release
This list of U.S. states and territories by poverty rate covers the 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and the territory of Puerto Rico. Referenced data for the four other inhabited U.S. territories (American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) has not been found so far. The data source for the main list is the American Community Survey done by the U.S. Census Bureau. The American Community Survey is a large demographic survey collected
This list of dog breeds includes both extant and extinct dog breeds, varieties and types. A research article on dog genomics published in Science/AAAS defines modern dog breeds as "a recent invention defined by conformation to a physical ideal and purity of lineage". According to BigThink, over 40% of the world's dog breeds come from the United Kingdom, France and Germany. It states: "Great Britain and France are the ground zero of dog fancying, with 57 registered breeds each. Germany
This table breaks down the blazons to enable comparison of the differences between the general arms and the arms used in Scotland. The present royal arms originated in the separate arms of the kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland; Wales had been incorporated into the Kingdom of England in the 16th century. In 1603, James VI of Scotland inherited the English and Irish thrones, and, to symbolise this union of the crowns, the arms of England (which at that time
Three-suiters. Roman Blackwood, Gerber and Roman Key Card Blackwood (RKCB): Step responses to the ace-asking bid that entail mild ambiguity. Roman jump overcall: Two-suiter. Roman asking bid: A request that partner bid his number of controls wholesale, via step responses. Roman discards: odd-even discards. Roman leads: Rusinow leads. RONF Acronym for "Raise (is the) Only Non-Force". A treatment used for responding to preempts, usually weak two bids. All bids except the single raise are forcing. Rosenblum Cup The award for
Throughout 1965, Wilson's musical ambitions progressed significantly with the albums The Beach Boys Today! (March) and Summer Days (And Summer Nights!!) (June). Weeks after relocating to an apartment on West Hollywood's Gardner Street with his wife early in the year, Wilson took LSD for the first time under Schwartz's supervision. Wilson later said of the experience, "it just tore my head off. [...] You just come to grips with what you are, what you can do [and] can't do, and
Tikka Khan (10 February 1915 – 28 March 2002) was a Pakistani military officer who served as the first chief of the army staff from 1972 to 1976. He, along with Yahya Khan and Abdul Hamid Khan, is considered a chief architect of the 1971 Bengali genocide, occurring under his governorship over East Pakistan, for which he is referred to as the Butcher of Bengal in Bangladesh. Gaining a commission in 1940 as an artillery officer in the British Indian
Tikka Khan. In December 1971, Pakistan carried out unsuccessful pre-emptive strikes against the Bengali-allied Indian Army, culminating in the start of the Third India–Pakistan War. The wars resulted in the surrender of Pakistani forces and East Pakistan succeeded as Bangladesh, after which Yahya Khan resigned from the army command and transferred the presidency to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Khan remained under house surveillance prior to 1979 when he was released by Fazle Haq. Khan died the following year in Rawalpindi and
Titans, 41–24, making it to the Super Bowl. There, against the Buccaneers, coached by former Raiders head coach Jon Gruden, they were defeated 21–48, with Gannon throwing five interceptions, including three for touchdowns, and Rice having five receptions for 77 yards and a touchdown. Up to this point, Rice had been undefeated in the Super Bowl, having already won three with San Francisco. The fact that he lost a Super Bowl overwhelmed him to the point that he cried in
To arrange one's cards by suit, and by rank within suit. SOS redouble A conventional redouble that asks partner for rescue from a doubled contract. Its name comes from the Morse code distress signal SOS. Sound A hand that is relatively strong for a call that is contemplated or that has been made. South African Texas A variant of Texas in which 4♣ and 4♦ are used as transfers to 4♥ and 4♠ respectively. Splinter A singleton or void in
To avoid legal issues (as both Australian and Brazilian authorities had raised issues, according to Sisely), Sisely suggested the event might occur in a plane over international waters. Migliorini soon after appeared in the January 2013 issue of Playboy Brazil. In May 2013 Sisely announced the documentary was becoming a reality series, and that he was receiving hundreds of inquiries from people wanting to auction their virginity, but Migliorini announced soon after that the winner did not match Sisely's description,
To condone an irregularity. In duplicate bridge, a waiver is an improper action. Wash (Slang) Push. Wasted values Duplicated values. WBF World Bridge Federation. Weak jump overcall A jump overcall used to preempt the bidding. Weak jump shift A jump shift used to preempt the bidding. Weak notrump A 1NT opening bid on a balanced hand with, usually, 12–14 HCP. The bid has mild preemptive value; contrast Strong notrump. To show a strong notrump, the weak notrump user opens with
Top Gear without Clarkson, even though the BBC offered them lucrative salaries to remain on for additional series. Along with their departure, their long-time producer and Clarkson's classmate Andy Wilman also opted to leave at this time. BBC retooled the show for 2016, bringing in a new line up of hosts. Shortly after his separation from the BBC, Clarkson stated his intent to start a new car show, saying "I have lost my baby but I shall create another. I
Tour is a TV show that wants to be – and quite possibly should be – a movie". The Independent described The Grand Tour as "the best of Top Gear but with a greater budget". TheWrap reported an estimate by Symphony Advanced Media that the opening weekend viewer count for The Grand Tour was three times the size of the opening weekend of The Man in the High Castle. Episode 2 was somewhat less favourably received by fans and critics.
Trade of wives by auctions was also a common practice throughout history. For instance, in the old English custom of wife selling, a wife was divorced by selling her in a public auction for the highest bid. ISIS conducted slave auctions to sell up to 7,000 Yazidi women as reported in 2020. A virginity auction is the voluntary practice of individuals seeking to sell their own virginity to the highest bid. Cricket players are routinely put up for auction, whereby
Trade unions and collective bargaining were outlawed from no later than the middle of the 14th century, when the Ordinance of Labourers was enacted in the Kingdom of England, but their way of thinking was the one that endured down the centuries, inspiring evolutions and advances in thinking which eventually gave workers more power. As collective bargaining and early worker unions grew with the onset of the Industrial Revolution, the government began to clamp down on what it saw as
Training Base), Los Alamitos, California, which was the location of the California Army Nation Guard's 40th Infantry Division headquarters. Air traffic control procedures at Los Angeles International Airport were modified, with all departures and arrivals routed to and from the west, over the Pacific Ocean, avoiding overflights of neighborhoods affected by the rioting. Bill Cosby spoke on the local television station KNBC and asked people to stop the rioting and watch the series finale of The Cosby Show. The US
Transfer A bid that conventionally shows length in a suit other than the one bid, or requests partner to make a bid in a particular suit, or both. The suit in question is usually the suit immediately above the one bid. Examples: Jacoby transfers (often just called "transfers") and Texas transfers ("Texas"). Also, see transfer a control. Transferable values Cards, such as aces and kings, that are valuable either in declarer's hands or in defenders'. Transfer a control In squeeze
Treaty is signed, founding the European Union. February 8 – The opening ceremony for the 1992 Winter Olympics is held in Albertville, France. February 9 – Algerian Civil War: The government of Algeria declares a state of emergency and begins a crackdown on the Islamic Salvation Front. February 14 – Ukraine and four other nations in the Commonwealth of Independent States reject Russia's proposal to maintain unified armed forces. Ukraine, Moldova and Azerbaijan announce they will go ahead with plans
Tri-color is described as mostly white with some brown markings and dustings of black on the body and head. A honey bear tri-color has light brown with black tips that gradually fades to an off-white or lemon color. The tri-color loses the most color of any of the color varieties, usually becoming mostly white with possibly some champagne markings and a dusting of black hairs on the ears and/or body. The Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard gives the Coton's weight as
Turkey, causing the plane to crash, killing all 50 on board, and resulting in the grounding of all An-24s. March 21 – In Zaire, Étienne Tshisekedi is appointed prime minister; he ejects supporters of Mobutu Sese Seko from his cabinet. March 22 – The Comet Hale–Bopp makes its closest approach to Earth. March 24 – The 69th Academy Awards, hosted by Billy Crystal, are held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, with The English Patient winning Best Picture. During
Typically used in a Mitchell movement with an even number of pairs when there is a "share and relay". Caddy An assistant to the director, or Head Director, primarily responsible for moving boards between tables and collecting score slips. Calcutta Cross-IMP scoring. A tournament in which bettors bid on participating pairs or teams. The proceeds from the auction are distributed partly as prizes to the top finishers, partly to the bettors who successfully bid on them. A pair or team
U.S. relations to China. Oxford University historian Rana Mitter, who specialises in the history of the Republic of China, considered Kissinger's book an erudite and elegant insight into the new world superpower. In his review, Mitter wrote of the freshness of the history because it was written by "a surviving top-level figure who was at the 1971 meeting". Mitter was impressed by the authentic accounts of the personality of Mao as "sardonic" and Zhou "penetrating". Mitter believes Kissinger "showed a
UK. ThrustSSC goes through the flying mile course at Black Rock Desert, Nevada at an average speed of 1,227.985 km/h (763.035 mph). NASA launches the Cassini–Huygens probe to Saturn. October 16 – The first color photograph appears on the front page of The New York Times. October 17 – The remains of Che Guevara are laid to rest with full military honours in a specially built mausoleum in the city of Santa Clara, Cuba, where he had won the decisive
US military aid meant "Pakistan had had to cut back resources devoted to the development budget in order to finance the procurement of military equipment." In 1971, Yahya conceded that he had failed to improve the national economy, "I inherited a bad economy, and I am going to pass it on," he noted. The military government-initiated talks with the International Monetary Fund after foreign reserves fell to $160 million. In 1968, Muhajirs from East Pakistan started Muhjairland movement for a
US$471,000 in a 2021 Heritage auction. Thomas Taylor created the cover for the first edition. Lindsey Fraser, who had previously supplied one of the blurb comments, wrote what is thought to be the first published review, in The Scotsman on 28 June 1997. She described Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone as "a hugely entertaining thriller" and Rowling as "a first-rate writer for children". Another early review, in The Herald, said: "I have yet to find a child who can
Under Gates' direction, the LAPD expanded gang sweeps for the duration of the Olympics. These were implemented across wide areas of the city but especially in South Central and East Los Angeles, areas of predominantly minority residents. After the games were over, the city began to revive the use of earlier anti-trade union and anti-syndicalist laws in order to maintain the security policy started for the Olympic games. The police more frequently conducted mass arrests of African American youth. Citizen
Under the direction of Cooley, Mississippi Valley State ran an "unusual" offense, playing four wide receivers who tended to line up on one side of the field. Rice caught 66 passes for 1,133 yards and seven touchdowns. Together, Totten and Rice became known as "The Satellite Express." Success on the field did not put any money in his pocket, and many times he relied on friends for food, stating that the food given to him at Mississippi Valley "were not
Underlead To lead a low card when holding the top card or cards in a suit. The underlead is standard in defense of notrump contracts (so as to preserve communications between defenders' hands), but unusual against suit contracts. Underruff To play a trump lower than one already played on the lead of a plain suit. Usually this is undesirable but is sometimes necessary to adjust the number of trumps held while preparing a trump coup, or while preparing to defend
Union Pan-European nationalism – Far-right ultra-nationalism Special territories of members of the European Economic Area Wojciech Jastrzębowski – Polish biologist (1799–1882), who in 1831, after fighting in Poland's November 1830 Uprising against Russia, drafted the first constitution for his proposed European union Official website Historical Archives of the European Union "European Union". The World Factbook (2025 ed.). Central Intelligence Agency. The European Union: Questions and Answers. Congressional Research Service. Works by European Union at Project Gutenberg Works by or about
Union and the United States pledged to cut methane emissions by 30% by 2030. The pledge is considered as a big achievement for climate change mitigation. A research report from November 2024 declared that the Czech Republic is the EU's most toxic country in Europe for car emissions. In 2025, The European Union together with China, Brazil and others, joined the Global carbon market coalition. According to some calculations, a global carbon market can speed up emission reduction seven-fold. The
Union's Structural Funds and Cohesion Fund delivery mechanisms and for locating the area where goods and services subject to European public procurement legislation are to be delivered. There are nine countries that are recognised as candidates for membership: Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Moldova, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Serbia, Turkey, and Ukraine. Norway, Switzerland and Iceland have submitted membership applications in the past, but subsequently frozen or withdrawn them. Additionally Kosovo is officially recognised as a potential candidate, and submitted a
Union's services trade surplus rose from $16 billion in 2000 to more than $250 billion in 2018. In 2020, in part due to the COVID-19 pandemic, China became the EU's largest trading partner, displacing the United States. The European Union is the largest exporter in the world and in 2008 was the largest importer of goods and services. Internal trade between the member states is aided by the removal of barriers to trade such as tariffs and border controls. In
Union, the European Commission, the Court of Justice of the European Union, the European Central Bank and the European Court of Auditors. Competence in scrutinising and amending legislation is shared between the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament, while executive tasks are performed by the European Commission and in a limited capacity by the European Council (not to be confused with the aforementioned Council of the European Union). The monetary policy of the eurozone is determined by
Union. The charter is a codified catalogue of fundamental rights against which the EU's legal acts can be judged. It consolidates many rights which were previously recognised by the Court of Justice and derived from the "constitutional traditions common to the member states". The Court of Justice has long recognised fundamental rights and has, on occasion, invalidated EU legislation based on its failure to adhere to those fundamental rights. Signing the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) is a condition
Unions in 1867 agreed that the establishment of the organizations was to the advantage of both employers and employees. This period also saw the growth of trade unions in other industrializing countries, especially the United States, Germany and France. In the United States, the first effective nationwide labour organization was the Knights of Labor, in 1869, which began to grow after 1880. Legalization occurred slowly as a result of a series of court decisions. The Federation of Organized Trades and
Union’s public ethics system is highly fragmented, with various bespoke public integrity regimes coexisting under EU law, each possessing its own ethics principles and obligations (Alberto Alemanno, The Law and Governance of the EU Public Ethics System, Chapter 2, p. 15). EU ethics standards are scattered across multiple legal sources, ranging from the EU Treaties and institutional Rules of Procedure to Codes of Conduct and the EU Staff Regulations (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 2, p. 16). While public ethics instruments exist
United Kingdom Royal Family Coats of Arms Heraldica.org — The Royal Arms of Great Britain HM Government Identity Guidelines 2022 Government Communication Service - Branding
United States, Don W. Wilson, certified that the amendment's ratification had been completed. Michigan's May 7, 1992, ratification was believed to be the 38th state, but it later came to light that the Kentucky General Assembly had ratified the amendment during that state's initial month of statehood, making Alabama (which acted after Missouri on May 5, 1992) the state to finalize the amendment's addition to the Constitution. The amendment was subsequently ratified by: New Jersey – May 7, 1992 (After
United States, chandelier bidding is not illegal. In fact, an auctioneer may bid up the price of an item to the reserve price, which is a threshold below which the consignor may refuse to sell the item. However, the auction house is required to disclose this information. In the United Kingdom this practice is legal on property auctions up to but not including the reserve price, and is also known as off-the-wall bidding. A ring can also be used to
United States, he has been appreciated for facilitating the American opening to China, President Richard Nixon sending a handwritten letter to him, stating that "without your personal assistance the profound breakthrough in relations between the USA and the [Peoples Republic of China] would never have been accomplished... Those who want a more peaceful world in the generations to come will be forever in your debt." In 1971, he was portrayed as a monstrous beast in "ANNIHILATE THESE DEMONS", a poster
United States, the Soviet Union and China. The majority of member states in the United Nations recognized Bangladesh as a sovereign nation in 1972. Before the Partition of British India, the Lahore Resolution initially envisaged separate Muslim-majority states in British India's eastern and northwestern zones. A proposal for an independent United Bengal was mooted by Prime Minister Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy in 1946 but opposed by the colonial authorities. The East Pakistan Renaissance Society advocated the creation of a sovereign state
United States. Research from Norway has found that high unionization rates lead to substantial increases in firm productivity, as well as increases in workers' wages. Research from Belgium also found productivity gains, although smaller. However, other research in the United States has found that unions can harm profitability, employment and business growth rates. UK research on employment, wages, productivity, and investment found union density improved all metrics - but only until a limit. Forming U-shaped curves, after an optimal density,
Universal Studios tour, dance halls, and bars. Many organizations stepped forward to rebuild Los Angeles; South Central's Operation Hope and Koreatown's Saigu and KCCD (Korean Churches for Community Development), all raised millions to repair destruction and improve economic development. Singer Michael Jackson "donated $1.25 million to start a health counseling service for inner-city kids". President George H. W. Bush signed a declaration of disaster; it activated federal relief efforts for the victims of looting and arson, which included grants and
University Press, ISBN 978-0-691-11925-0 Draft edition available online Learmount, Brian W (1985), 'A History of the Auction', Barnard and Learmount. Updated edition (2021), The Book Guild. Smith, Charles W. (1990), Auctions: Social Construction of Value, University of California Press, ISBN 978-0-520-07201-5 Hammami, Farouk; Rekik, Monia; Coelho, Leandro C. (2019). "Exact and heuristic solution approaches for the bid construction problem in transportation procurement auctions with a heterogeneous fleet". Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review. 127: 150–177. Bibcode:2019TRPE..127..150H. doi:10.1016/j.tre.2019.05.009. S2CID
University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-579275-1. Palit, D K (1972). The Lightning Campaign: The Indo-Pakistan War 1971. Compton Press Ltd. ISBN 978-0-900193-10-1. Raghavan, Srinath (2013). 1971: A Global History of the Creation of Bangladesh. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-72864-6. Raja, Dewan Mohammad Tasawwar (2010). O General My General (Life and Works of General M A G Osmany). The Osmany Memorial Trust, Dhaka, Bangladesh. ISBN 978-984-8866-18-4. Saigal, J R (2000). Pakistan Splits: The Birth of Bangladesh. Manas Publications. ISBN 9788170491248. Warner, Geoffrey. "Nixon,
University. He acquired the nickname "World," because of his ability to seemingly catch anything thrown near him. After an August practice experiment, Cooley had Totten call all the plays at the line of scrimmage without a huddle, resulting in even more staggering offensive numbers. Rice caught 17 receptions for 199 yards against Southern, 17 receptions for 294 yards, and five receiving touchdowns against Kentucky State, and 15 for 285 yards against Jackson State. During the game against Kentucky State, Rice
Up sessions (August 1971) as that of "a visitor". In November 1970, Wilson performed with the band at the Whisky a Go Go for one-and-a-half dates. Intense discomfort forced him to leave mid-performance during the second show. Following this experience, he told Melody Maker that although he was "quite happy living at home", he felt less creative and less engaged with the band. He described himself as "a kind of drop-out". In September 1971, Wilson told a reporter he had
Used as a noun or a verb. In duplicate bridge, an adaptation of the Mitchell movement to accommodate a half table. The extra pair moves around the room, substituting themselves in for a particular other pair, bumping out the pair for one round. Business double A penalty double, in contrast to various competitive and informatory doubles including takeout doubles and negative doubles. Bust (Slang) A very weak hand. Sometimes paired with the name of a long suit: for example, "club
Uta Gassen for the last time before beginning her maternal hiatus. Mikael Åkerfeldt and Peter Lindgren fire Johan De Farfalla from Opeth; then Anders Nordin quits the band. To replace the ex-members, Mike and Pete hire Martin Lopez and Martin Mendez. The companies Memorex, Maxell, and TDK introduce blank recordable CDs. The first John Lennon Songwriting Contest is held. Rob Gommerman leaves Finger Eleven due to extensive touring. Derrick Green replaces Max Cavalera in Sepultura. Glenn Ljungström and Johan Larsson
VIII of England when he ended the period of Lordship of Ireland and declared Ireland to be a kingdom again in 1541. When the crowns of England, Scotland and Ireland were united in 1603, they were integrated into the unified royal coat of arms of kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland. The harp was adopted as the emblem of the Irish Free State when it separated from the United Kingdom in 1922. They were registered as the arms of Ireland
VIII. Thus, at the funeral cortège of Elizabeth I in 1603 depicted in a manuscript at the British Library, the Earl of Clanrickarde is shown carrying the banner of Ireland just as in the Wijnbergen Roll. A variant of arms of the royal province of Meath were also apparently used at one time as the arms of Ireland. Meath, now a part of the province of Leinster was once the province of the High Kings of Ireland. Its arms are
Venice, and took a morning-after pill the next day as the sex had been unprotected. She claimed to have been inspired by Natalie Dylan, and reported that she found herself attracted to the auction winner and enjoyed the experience. The woman denied claims made during the auction by a former teacher in Romania that she was not a virgin, and claimed two doctors had confirmed she was a virgin. In 2014, Romanian press reported that Alina had returned to Romania
Versace's Miami Beach residence. July 17 – The F. W. Woolworth Company closes after 117 years in business. July 25 – K. R. Narayanan is sworn in as India's 10th president and the first member of the Dalit caste to hold this office. July 27 – About 50 are killed in the Si Zerrouk massacre in Algeria. July 30 – 18 people are killed in the Thredbo landslide in the Snowy Mountains resort in Australia. August 3 – Between 40
Vice President Dick Cheney before undergoing a colonoscopy, which began at 7:09 a.m. Bush woke about 40 minutes later, but refrained from resuming his presidential powers until 9:24 a.m. to ensure that no aftereffects remained. According to his staff, Cheney (as acting president) held his regular national security and homeland security meetings with aides at the White House, but made no appearances and took no recorded actions while acting president. On July 21, 2007, Bush invoked Section 3 before another
View Terrace district of Los Angeles, 200–400 protesters gathered about 9:15 p.m. at the site where Rodney King was beaten in 1991, near the Hansen Dam Recreation Area. The group marched south on Osborne Street to the LAPD Foothill Division headquarters. There they began rock throwing, shooting into the air, and setting fires. The Foothill division police used riot-breaking techniques to disperse the crowd and arrest those responsible for rock throwing and the fires eventually leading to rioting and looting
Villoria heavily criticized the auto-jump mechanic for removing challenge, though Rybicki praised it for reducing frustration. Conrad was an outlier, appreciating the responsive controls and Zelda-like adventure elements, though he acknowledged the game's non-epic scope. Quidditch was a highly anticipated feature but largely disappointing. Conrad found it a highlight despite wanting more depth, and Helgeson called it fun. However, Miller, Villoria, and Boyer criticized its temperamental controls, choppy visuals, and restrictive ring-chasing mechanics, which diminished excitement. Reviewers agreed it failed
Villoria, and Boyer criticized its temperamental controls, choppy visuals, and restrictive ring-chasing mechanics, which diminished excitement. Reviewers agreed it failed to fully capture the sport's potential, with Conrad and Villoria suggesting a standalone Quidditch game could be better. The graphics received mixed feedback, with technical limitations often highlighted. Conrad praised the sharp textures and spell effects for a PlayStation game, and Rybicki noted appealing environments. However, Miller, Villoria, and MacDonald criticized bland, blocky visuals, jagged polygons, and framerate issues, especially
Volume-I: Supplementary Report – Top secret, PART IV – SURRENDER IN EAST PAKISTAN, CHAPTER I – The moral aspect. Hamood-ur-Rehman Commission Report, The Report of the Commission of Inquiry – 1971 War as Declassified by The Government of Pakistan, PART V: MISCELLANEOUS, CHAPTER VI: Summary and recommendations. Amin Fahim pays rich tributes to General Tikka Khan, Dawn, 5 April 2002. General Yahya Khan agreed to withdraw forces, India did not, by Khalid Hasan, Daily Times, 3 July 2005.
Wales: Diana, Princess of Wales, is taken to a hospital after a car accident shortly after midnight, in the Pont de l'Alma road tunnel in Paris. She is pronounced dead at 4:00 am. September 1 – Dublin Regulation on treatment of applications for right of asylum under European Union law first comes into force. September 5 Over 87 are killed in the Beni Messous massacre in Algeria. The International Olympic Committee picks Athens, Greece, to be the host city for
Warner Bros., Wilson signed a short-lived sideline production deal with Bruce Johnston and Terry Melcher's Equinox Records. Together, they founded the loose-knit supergroup known as California Music, which also involved Gary Usher, Curt Boettcher, and other Los Angeles musicians. Along with his guest appearances on Johnny Rivers's rendition of "Help Me, Rhonda" and Jackie DeShannon's "Boat to Sail", Wilson's production of California Music's single "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" represents his only "serious" work throughout this period. Wilson's consumption
Was, and Jakob Dylan. Nine-time Grammy Award nominee, two-time winner. Notes List of people with absolute pitch List of people with bipolar disorder List of recluses List of unreleased songs recorded by the Beach Boys Pet Projects: The Brian Wilson Productions Playback: The Brian Wilson Anthology Books Curnutt, Kirk (2012). Brian Wilson (Icons of Pop Music). Equinox Pub. ISBN 978-1-908049-91-9. Miller, Jim (1992). "The Beach Boys". In DeCurtis, Anthony; Henke, James; George-Warren, Holly (eds.). The Rolling Stone Illustrated History of
Washington, D.C. riots. Federal troops joined National Guard soldiers to support local police in restoring order directly; the combined force contributed significantly to preventing violence. With most of the violence under control, 30,000 people attended an 11 a.m. peace rally in Koreatown to support local merchants and racial healing. Mayor Bradley assured the public that the crisis was, more or less, under control as areas became quiet. Later that night, Army National Guard soldiers shot and killed a motorist who
Watch). August 24 Concordia University massacre: Valery Fabrikant murders four colleagues and seriously wounds another in a shooting at Concordia University, in Montreal, Quebec. China and South Korea establish diplomatic relations. August 24–28 – Hurricane Andrew hits south Florida and Louisiana and dissipates over the Tennessee valley when it merges with a storm system; 23 are killed. August 29 – In Rostock, Germany, tens of thousands rally to protest neo-Nazi attacks on refugees and immigrants begun on August 22. September
Waxing On: The Karate Kid and Me (Dutton), in which he reflects upon the making of and legacy of the Karate Kid films and Cobra Kai. Blonde versus brunette rivalry Shoot Away, an arcade game that Ali and her friends play at an arcade. Official trailer The Karate Kid at IMDb The Karate Kid at the TCM Movie Database (archived version) The Karate Kid at Box Office Mojo The Karate Kid at Rotten Tomatoes Ralph Macchio of "Cobra Kai" on
Weber", but was later changed to "LaRusso". The studio originally wanted the role of Mr. Miyagi to be played by Toshiro Mifune, who had appeared in the Akira Kurosawa films Rashomon (1950), Seven Samurai (1954), and The Hidden Fortress (1958), but this proved unworkable as Mifune did not speak English. Pat Morita auditioned for the role but was initially rejected due to his association with comedic roles such as Arnold on Happy Days, and because the studio did not find
Week 3, Rice had eight receptions for 163 yards in a loss to the Atlanta Falcons. In the following game, he recorded 163 receiving yards once again and had three touchdowns in a 38–7 victory over the Seattle Seahawks. In Week 13, he had six receptions for 171 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in a 48–10 victory over the San Diego Chargers, including a career long 96 yard touchdown. He won NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his
West Pakistan prison at the time. Violent disorder and chaos accompanied the Pakistan Army's systematic and deliberate campaign of killing and raping the populace of East Pakistan. The original plan for Operation Searchlight envisioned taking control of the major cities on 26 March 1971 and then eliminating all opposition, political or military within one month. The prolonged Bengali resistance had not been anticipated by Pakistani planners, however. The main phase of Operation Searchlight ended with the fall of the last
West Pakistanis. Since a straightforward system of representation based on population would have concentrated political power in East Pakistan, the West Pakistani establishment came up with the "One Unit" scheme, whereby all of West Pakistan was considered one province. This was solely to counterbalance the East wing's votes. After the 1951 assassination of Liaquat Ali Khan, Pakistan's first prime minister, political power began to devolve to the new position of President of Pakistan, which replaced the office of Governor General
West's lowest remaining card in the suit is even or odd (and declarer probably does not have that information). The defenders might have agreed that if West's lowest remaining card is even, normal attitude signals will be in effect, but if it is odd, upside-down signals will be used. In such a case, the defenders' agreement is encrypted. Ending The layout of the cards when just a few tricks remain to be played. In a "four-card ending", each player has
When he was one year old, the most evil wizard for hundreds and hundreds of years attempted to kill him. He killed Harry's parents, and then he tried to kill Harry—he tried to curse him. ... And—so—but for some mysterious reason, the curse didn't work on Harry. So he's left with this lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead and the curse rebounded upon the evil wizard, who has been in hiding ever since. The book, which was Rowling's debut
While a deal of bridge is always played following a unique set of rules, its scoring may vary depending on the type of event the deal is played on. There are two main categories of scoring: rubber and duplicate. Rubber scoring, and its popular variant Chicago, are mostly used in social play. Duplicate scoring is focused on tournament competition and has many variations that compare and rank the relative performance of partnerships and teams playing the same deals as their
Whinging. On Harry's eleventh birthday, he learns that he is a wizard when a man named Rubeus Hagrid invites him to attend Hogwarts, a school of magic. Hagrid explains that when Harry was an infant, a Dark wizard named Voldemort murdered Harry's parents and tried to kill Harry as well. However, Voldemort's killing curse rebounded and seemingly destroyed him, leaving a lightning bolt-shaped scar on Harry's forehead. Hagrid takes Harry to Diagon Alley, where Harry discovers he is famous among
White had died in 1879 before completing a fourth revision of his book; thus the version that Sacred Harp participants were singing from was by the turn of the century over three decades old. During this time, the musical tastes of Sacred Harp's traditional adherents, the inhabitants of the rural South, had changed in important ways. Notably, gospel music – syncopated and chromatic, often with piano accompaniment – had become popular, along with a number of church hymns of the
Widespread looting, assault, and arson occurred during the riots, which local police forces had difficulty controlling. The situation in the Los Angeles area was resolved after the California National Guard, United States military, and several federal law enforcement agencies deployed more than 10,000 of their armed responders to assist in ending the violence and unrest. When the riots ended, 63 people had been killed, 2,383 had been injured, more than 12,000 had been arrested, and estimates of property damage were
William Christopher Ford reprised his role as Dennis de Guzman from Part III, and Darryl Vidal reprised his role from The Karate Kid. C.S. Lee was cast to portray Master Kim Sun-Yung, a character first referenced by Terry Silver in that film. Lewis Tan, Patrick Luwis, and Rayna Vallandingham joined the cast in supporting roles. Principal photography for the first season began in October 2017 in Atlanta, Georgia. Filming took place at various locations throughout that month at places including
Wilson Presents Smile premiered at the Royal Festival Hall on February 20, 2004. It was bookended by two setlists consisting of regular Beach Boys hits such as "Sloop John B" and "God Only Knows", lesser-known songs such as "You're Welcome" and "Time to Get Alone", and songs from Gettin' in Over My Head. The first set was played acoustically in the style of Beach Boys' Party!; Wilson sat on a stool surrounded by his supporting band, who provided additional vocals,
Wilson as a "genius" have included George Martin, Leon Russell, Eric Clapton, Pete Townshend, Jimmy Page, Elton John, Tom Petty, Henry Rollins, and Questlove. Many other musicians have voiced admiration for Wilson's work or cited it as an influence, including Bob Dylan, Neil Young, Ray Davies, John Cale, David Byrne, Todd Rundgren, Patti Smith, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Bruce Springsteen, Randy Newman, Ray Charles, and Chrissie Hynde. In discussing Wilson's harmonic ingenuity, musicologist Philip Lambert stated in 2016 that his
Wilson engaged with literature on philosophy and world religions, sparking his interest in mystical topics. Schwartz also introduced Wilson to marijuana and hashish; his habitual use of these substances, combined with his frequent visits to Schwartz's apartment, contributed to marital tensions with his wife Marilyn. His first song composed under the influence of marijuana was "Please Let Me Wonder" (1965). Throughout 1965, Wilson's musical ambitions progressed significantly with the albums The Beach Boys Today! (March) and Summer Days (And Summer
Wilson had faced mounting psychological strain from career pressures. He began distancing himself from the Beach Boys' surf-themed material, which had ceased following the All Summer Long track "Don't Back Down". During the group's first major European tour, a reporter asked how he had felt about originating the surfing sound, to which he responded by saying he had aimed to "produce a sound that teens dig, and that can be applied to any theme." Exhausted by his self-described "Mr Everything"
Wilson never mentioned an "elemental" concept during these sessions: "whenever I did bring up the concept he didn't seem to react to it with any enthusiasm. I brought it up again while Van Dyke was around and didn't get a clear reaction from him either." According to biographer Steven Gaines, Wilson had declared an intention to complete Smile in three movements in 1980. Besides the tracks that made it into the final presentation, nothing from the original Smile sessions was
Wilson today says he had to become a man when his father was diagnosed. In a 2011 story, ESPN.com writer Elizabeth Merrill said about Wilson's high school years, "He was an honor roll student at Londonderry, but clashed with various authority figures who didn't appreciate his occasional lack of a filter." In the same story, a number of Londonderry faculty speculated that some teachers didn't understand Wilson's life situation at the time. Art Psaledas, an assistant principal at the school,
Wilson was approached by Walt Disney Records to record a Disney songs album, agreeing only if he could also record an album of George Gershwin songs. The Gershwin project, Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin, was released in August 2010, reaching number 26 on the Billboard 200 and topping its Jazz Albums chart. Wilson then toured, performing the album in its entirety. In October 2011, he released In the Key of Disney, which peaked at number 83 in the U.S. This release
Wizardry. With the help of his friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, Harry unravels a mystery involving the dark wizard Lord Voldemort. The book was first published in the United Kingdom on 26 June 1997 by Bloomsbury. It was published in the United States the following year by Scholastic Corporation under the title Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. It won most of the British book awards that were judged by children and other awards in the US. The book
World War II). April 29 Los Angeles riots: The acquittal of four policemen in the Rodney King beating criminal trial triggers massive rioting in Los Angeles. The riots will last for six days resulting in 63 deaths and over $1 billion in damages before order is restored by the military. In Sierra Leone, a group of young soldiers launch a military coup that sends president Joseph Saidu Momoh into exile in Guinea, and the National Provisional Ruling Council (NPRC) is
Worry Baby" and "Don't Hurt My Little Sister", both written with the Ronettes in mind, but Spector declined. He also declared "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'" upon its release to be the greatest record ever and later recorded many unreleased studio renditions of the song. Asked for songs that he wished he had written, Wilson listed three: "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'", "Be My Baby", and Burt Bacharach's "Here I Am", the latter composer being often overlooked by scholars as
Xi has consolidated power unseen since the initiation of economic and political reforms. China's landscape is vast and diverse, ranging from the Gobi and Taklamakan Deserts in the arid north to the subtropical forests in the wetter south. The Himalaya, Karakoram, Pamir and Tian Shan mountain ranges separate China from much of South and Central Asia. The Yangtze and Yellow Rivers, the third- and sixth-longest in the world, respectively, run from the Tibetan Plateau to the densely populated eastern seaboard.
Yahya Khan declared: "Kill 3 million of them and the rest will eat out of our hands". Accordingly, on the night of 25 March, the Pakistani Army launched Operation Searchlight to "crush" Bengali resistance in which Bengali members of military services were disarmed and killed, students and the intelligentsia systematically liquidated and able-bodied Bengali males just picked up and gunned down. Although the violence focused on the provincial capital, Dacca, it also affected all parts of East Pakistan. Residential halls
Yahya Khan." Personal initiatives of Yahya had helped to establish the communication channel between the United States and China, which would be used to set up the Nixon's trip in 1972. Since 1960, Pakistan was perceived in the United States as an integral bulwark against global Communism in the Cold War. The United States cautiously supported Pakistan during the 1971 conflict, although Congress kept an arms embargo in place. The economically-socialist India entered into a formal alliance with the Soviet
Year. LeAnn Rimes wins Best New Artist. February 28 – Death Row Records co-founder Suge Knight is sentenced to nine years in prison for violating his probation. He would be released in August 2001. March 1 Pianist David Helfgott performs at the Boston Symphony Hall, in Boston, USA, during his world tour. The Boston Globe describes his performance as "without phrasing, form, harmonic understanding, differentiation of style and often basic accuracy; worst of all, it was without emotional content". The
You can't accept failure, and you certainly can't go into a situation thinking, 'Oh, gosh, what's going to happen?' You make what's going to happen. ... This game isn't for negative emotions, or being scared. Wilson is noted for his flamboyant personality. In the 2010 All-Star Game, Wilson debuted a pair of bright orange cleats and continued to wear them throughout the season. On July 27, Marlins' manager Edwin Rodríguez complained that the shoes were too bright. Wilson received a
Youngest player to score a touchdown in a game : 21 years and 49 days Most receptions in a rookie season : 109 Most receptions in a game by a rookie wide receiver: 12 (tied with Odell Beckham Jr.) Nabers' uncle, Gabe, played 26 games as a running back for the Los Angeles Chargers from 2020 to 2021. Malik Nabers on Twitter Career statistics from NFL.com · ESPN · CBS Sports · Yahoo Sports New York Giants bio LSU Tigers
Yutu successfully touched down on the lunar surface as part of the Chang'e 3 mission. In 2019, China became the first country to land a probe—Chang'e 4—on the far side of the Moon. In 2020, Chang'e 5 successfully returned Moon samples to the Earth, making China the third country to do so independently. In 2021, China became the third country to land a spacecraft on Mars and the second one to deploy a rover (Zhurong) on Mars. China completed its
Zabka reprised their respective roles of Daniel LaRusso and Johnny. Additional The Karate Kid actors included Randee Heller as Daniel's mother Lucille LaRusso, and Martin Kove as John Kreese. The cast list for season one included Xolo Maridueña as Miguel Diaz, Mary Mouser as Daniel's daughter Samantha "Sam" LaRusso, Tanner Buchanan as Johnny's son Robby Keene, and Courtney Henggeler as Daniel's wife Amanda. Ed Asner was cast in a guest role as Johnny's wealthy, verbally abusive step-father, Sid Weinberg. Vanessa
Zhiheng Wang (王志恒) as Meiying's mother. Based on Mrs. Mills. Yi Zhao (赵 毅) as Zhuang (秦壮壮; Qín Zhuàngzhuàng), a friend and classmate of Cheng's. Based on Dutch. Zhang Bo (张 博) as Song (宋), a friend and classmate of Cheng's. Based on Tommy. Cameron Hillman as Mark (马克; Máke) Ghye Samuel Brown as Oz (奥兹) A remake of the Karate Kid entered the development in the late 2008. Variety reported at the time that the new film, to be
[...] in music". One of Wilson's earliest public performances was at a fall arts program at his high school. He enlisted his cousin and frequent singing partner Mike Love and, to entice Carl into the group, named the newly formed membership "Carl and the Passions". They performed songs by Dion and the Belmonts and the Four Freshmen, impressing classmate and musician, Al Jardine. In September 1960, Wilson enrolled as a psychology major at El Camino Junior College in Los Angeles,
[Field guide to native Spanish breeds] (PDF) (in Spanish). Madrid: Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Medio Rural y Marino. ISBN 978-84-491-0946-1. Archived (PDF) from the original on 22 July 2019. Fogle, Bruce (2009). The Encyclopedia of the Dog. New York: DK Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7566-6004-8. Hancock, David (2014a). Dogs of the Shepherds: A Review of the Pastoral Breeds. Ramsbury, Wiltshire: The Crowood Press Ltd. ISBN 978-1-84797-808-0. Hancock, David (2013). Gundogs: Their Past, their Performance and their Prospects. Ramsbury, Marlborough: The Crowood
[t]hey do not share our values, and their children are growing up in a culture alien from ours, without family, without neighborhood, without church, without support." While Los Angeles was mostly unaffected by the urban decay the other metropolitan areas of the nation faced since the 1960s, racial tensions had been present since the late 1970s, becoming increasingly violent as the 1980s progressed. Democrat Maxine Waters, the African American Congressional representative of South Central Los Angeles, said that the events
a 15-yard personal foul. The injury broke Rice's streak of 189 consecutive games played; throughout high school, college, and the NFL he had never missed a game excluding three strike games. Wanting to make it back in time for the retirement of Montana's jersey number, he made his return 14 weeks later on December 15, much earlier than doctors wanted him to. He scored a touchdown, but he cracked his left patella as he came down with the catch. He
a 16-yard run in which he was pushed out of bounds and seemingly fumbled the ball through the end zone; the Bengals challenged the play in hopes that it would be a touchback, but the officials ruled he had actually crossed the goal line for the touchdown. The Bears won 47–42. In a Week 14 loss to the Packers, Moore recorded just one catch for -4 yards; head coach Ben Johnson said he was "surprised" by Moore's performance but planned
a Cross Gules, an inescutcheon Argent, charged with a dexter hand erect aupaumee and couped at the wrist Gules. Finally, Connacht's arms are blazoned Party Per Pale Argent and Azure, in the first an eagle dimidiated and displayed Sable in the second issuant from the partition an arm embowed and vested, the hand holding a sword erect, all Argent. These are believed to have been adopted from the arms of the medieval Schottenklöster (Gaelic monastery) in Regensburg, Germany. The arms
a Frontier Corps border post from Iranian territory". No group claimed responsibility and Iranian authorities did not comment. In June 2023, there was a terrorist attack at the Iran Pakistan border. Some Pakistan border patrol officers were killed. A few days before that, there was another terrorist attack at the border and 5 Iranian border patrol officers were killed. On 16 January 2024, Iran carried out an operation targeting the headquarters of Balochi terrorist group Jaish al-Adl with drone and
a Gaelic mythological personification of Ireland. The word Gormfhlaith is a compound of the Irish words gorm ("blue") and flaith ("sovereign"); it is noted in early Irish texts as the name of several queens closely connected with dynastic politics in the 10th and 11th century Ireland. The National Library of Ireland, in describing the blue background of the arms, notes that in early Irish mythology the sovereignty of Ireland (Irish: Flaitheas Éireann) was represented by a woman often dressed in
a Movie ("Never Say Never" by Justin Bieber featuring Jaden Smith) (Nominated) 2011 MTV Movie Awards Biggest Badass Star (Jaden Smith) (Nominated) 32nd Young Artist Awards Best Leading Young Actor in a Feature Film (Jaden Smith) (Won) 2010 Teen Choice Awards Choice Summer: Movie (Nominated) Shortly after the film's release, a sequel was announced to be in development, with Smith, Chan, and Henson all reprising their roles. Breck Eisner was initially set to direct, but by June 2014, the film
a Single Resolution Mechanism in case of a bank default. As a political entity, the European Union is represented in the World Trade Organization (WTO). Two of the original core objectives of the European Economic Community were the development of a common market, subsequently becoming a single market, and a customs union between its member states. The single market involves the free circulation of goods, capital, people, and services within the EU, The free movement of services and of establishment
a bamboo Jew's harp from the Philippines Morsing, Carnatic Jew's harp Mukkuri, a traditional bamboo instrument of the Ainu of Japan, similar to a Jew's harp Musical bow, a one-string harp that is played with mouth resonance Piperheugh, a village in which trumps were once made Isitolotolo The Jew's Harp Guild How to play and make jew's harp How to play the jew's harp (instructions with sound examples and remarks on the functioning of Jew's harps) A page on guimbardes
a behind-the-scenes man, rather than an entertainer." Collaborating with songwriter Gary Usher, he composed numerous songs patterned after the Teddy Bears' style and produced records for local talent, though without commercial breakthrough. His first uncredited production outside the Beach Boys was Rachel and the Revolvers' "The Revo-Lution", co-written with Usher and released by Dot Records in September. Interference from Wilson's father eventually led to the dissolution of his partnership with Usher. By mid-1962, Wilson was writing with disc jockey Roger
a better fit on a network with a more global reach. In July 2015, Clarkson announced he had signed a deal with Amazon to develop a new car show that followed a similar format to Top Gear, with both Hammond and May joining him as co-hosts, and Wilman producing. Other personnel from Top Gear going to the new show included director Phil Churchward, the husband of Fifth Gear's Vicki Butler-Henderson. The deal included 36 episodes across three series which would
a bid at the last moment of the auction. According to the analysis of auction data from eBay, in general, experienced bidders are more likely to snipe in auctions, and those who snipe in auctions are more likely to win. Jump bidding is an aggressive tactic of increasing every bid by high amounts. Calor licitantis is also known as "auction fever" and describes the irrational behavior of bidders at auctions. Suicide bidding is practice in reverse auctions, whereby a bidder
a bid in the last set amount of minutes and the auction is automatically extended for a set period of time. Soft closes prevent sniping. Specialist – on-staff trained professionals, often specialising in specific objects (for example, porcelain) who put together the auction. The "three Ds" (death, divorce, or debt) – sometimes a reason for an item to be sold at an auction. Vendor bid – a bid by the person selling the item. The bid is sometimes a dummy
a bid made by a dummy bidder acting in collusion with the auctioneer or vendor, designed to deceive genuine bidders into paying more. In a first-price auction, a dummy bid is an unfavourable bid designed so as not to become the winning bid. (The bidder does not want to win this auction, but they want to make sure to be invited to the next auction). In Britain and many other countries, rings and other forms of bidding on one's own
a black nose, states that brown is tolerable as well. A pink or partly pink nose is not accepted in either standard. The standard advocates that the lips should preferably be tight and of the same colour as the nose, specifically black in the Coton de Tuléar Club of America standard. A Coton de Tuléar's teeth can be either in a scissor bite or pincer bite. Its eyes are normally round, dark in colour, and wide-set. Traditionally, the expression is
a blueprint. Linett co-produced the compilation with Wilson. According to Sahanaja, Wilson "lobbied hard" for the album's sequence to be based on BWPS. In a 2015 interview, Wilson stated that he ultimately preferred his solo version. Reviewing BWPS on the tenth anniversary of its release, Chris Shields of the St. Cloud Times wrote that "the sequencing raised a question mark or two, and there were mixing quibbles (I would have loved to hear more bass), but [...] [t]he lyrical beauty,
a bridge club who is available as a fourth. Howell movement A pairs tournament movement where each pair typically plays against all or most of the other pairs, and there is a single set of winners. Most of the pairs will move to a different seating position (usually at a different table) at the end of each round. Huddle (Noun) A pause prior to a bid or play of longer than usual duration. (Verb) To take that lengthy pause. HUM
a brief hiatus, the play reopened on 4 May 2022, as the newly staged one-part version. The lone notable cast change was Lachlan Woods joining the cast as Draco Malfoy. The Melbourne production closed on 9 July 2023, after approximately 1,300 performances. It set records as Australia's longest-running stage play and the best-selling, with over one million tickets sold. On 28 June 2018, it was announced that the play would open at the Curran Theatre in San Francisco, California, marking
a call that reveals the psych. Sometimes used when that decision is made on the basis of unauthorized information or an undisclosed partnership understanding. Fillers Mid-rank cards that strengthen a suit. See body. Final contract The last bid made on a hand. Finesse An attempt to gain power for lower-ranking cards by taking advantage of the favorable position of higher-ranking cards held by the opposition. Fit A partnership's combined holding of many cards in a suit (usually 8 cards or
a card that is currently the highest in the suit, thought likely to succeed, or to take all available winners in a suit. Cavendish variation A version of Chicago, with dealer's side not vulnerable on the second and third hands, as in the standard version. CBF Canadian Bridge Federation. Change of suit A bid in a new suit, as 1♠ in the sequence 1♦ – 1♥; 1♠. Checkback Stayman A common conventional agreement following a 1NT rebid, searching for an
a career-high 289 yards (at the time the fifth-most in a game), and three touchdowns. Rice won NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his game against the Vikings. Vikings head coach Dennis Green said of Rice: "We did take the 49ers out of their running game, but Jerry was the one ingredient we had a hard time stopping", "In fact, we had a hard time slowing him down". In the final game of the regular season against the Atlanta
a certain age, have no disqualifying criminal record, attend auction school, pass an examination, and pay a licensing fee). Auctioneers may or may not (depending on the laws of the jurisdiction and the policies of the auction house) bid for their own account, or if they do, must disclose this to bidders at the auction; similar rules may apply for employees of the auctioneer or the auction house. Bidding – the act of participating in an auction by offering to
a character called Karate Kid, a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes who was created in 1966. The filmmakers received permission from DC Comics in 1984 to use the title for the film and its sequels. A number of actors were considered for the part of Daniel, including Sean Penn, Robert Downey Jr., Charlie Sheen, Jon Cryer, Emilio Estevez, Nicolas Cage, Anthony Edwards, C. Thomas Howell, Tom Cruise, Eric Stoltz and D. B. Sweeney. Ralph Macchio was ultimately cast on
a child inside. Librarian Nancy Knapp and marketing professor Stephen Brown noted the liveliness and detail of descriptions, especially of shop scenes such as Diagon Alley. Tad Brennan commented that Rowling's writing resembles that of Homer: "rapid, plain, and direct in expression". Stephen King admired "the sort of playful details of which only British fantasists seem capable" and concluded that they worked because Rowling enjoys a quick giggle and then moves briskly forward. Nicholas Tucker described the early Harry Potter
a common hunting companion. Separating the long-legged phenotype from the short-legged phenotype in most cases did not occur, litters born from parents of either or both phenotypes commonly displayed a variety of leg and body length, yet all were still considered and labeled merely as Rat Terriers. In the middle 1990s, efforts to segregate the types began in earnest, but mixing of the two types in some cases still exists today. When the types were separated by the Rat Terrier
a complaint raised by Davis, who portrayed Ginny Potter. The play holds the record for the highest weekly gross by a non-musical play in Broadway history, grossing $2,718,487 for the eight-performance week ending 31 December 2023. The Broadway production adopted additional revisions on 12 November 2024, further reducing the play's runtime to under three hours. This shortened play is the same version that debuted earlier that fall in Chicago at the start of the national tour. Tom Felton reprised his
a completed rubber by the side that is first to win two games. A rubber bonus is also awarded for some game and part-game scores at the end of an unfinished rubber An honour bonus is received by any player at the end of any deal in which the player held particular honour cards. (As there is no skill in scoring for honours, players often agree to play without the honour bonuses.) In four-deal bridge (Chicago) only: A partial-game bonus
a contract in hearts or spades. For a contract in notrump, the declaring side is awarded 40 points for the first odd trick and 30 points for the remaining odd tricks. Contract points are doubled or quadrupled if the contract is respectively doubled or redoubled. In rubber bridge, a partnership wins one game once it has accumulated 100 contract points; excess contract points do not carry over to the next game. A partnership that wins two games wins the rubber,
a count signal shows the number of cards currently held. In a count-giving situation, a defender might first play the ♥3 from ♥753, and the ♥7 as his second play. Also, "current count." Principle of restricted choice A guideline to the play of the hand, concerning the probability of the location of key cards in the unseen hands. In particular it states that if a defender plays one of two adjacent missing cards (e.g. ♦QJ) then that defender is less
a customs account book under the name "Jue harpes". The "jaw" variant is attested at least as early as 1774 and 1809, the "juice" variant appearing only in the late 19th and 20th centuries. It has also been suggested that the name derives from the French jeu-trompe meaning 'toy trumpet'. The current French word for the instrument is guimbarde. English etymologist Hensleigh Wedgwood wrote in 1855 that the derivation from jeu harpe opposes the French idiom, where "if two substantives
a deal. In duplicate bridge and Chicago, vulnerability is pre-determined for each board or deal; in rubber bridge, it is determined by the number of games completed in the rubber. Vulnerability affects both the size of bonuses for making contracts and penalties for failing to make them. Vulnerable 1) (Duplicate bridge) A designation, shown on each board, that indicates whether larger bonuses and penalties apply to one, both or neither pair on that deal. 2) (Rubber bridge) Having won one
a declaration of disaster; it activated federal relief efforts for the victims of looting and arson, which included grants and low-cost loans to cover their property losses. The Rebuild LA program promised $6 billion in private investment to create 74,000 jobs. The majority of the local stores were never rebuilt. Store owners had difficulty getting loans; myths about the city or at least certain neighborhoods of it arose discouraging investment and preventing growth of employment. Few of the rebuilding plans
a double. Overcaller The player making an overcall; may also be referred to as the intervenor. Contrast Advancer. Overruff To ruff with a higher trump following a prior ruff on the same trick. Overtake To play a card higher than the winning card played by partner, unnecessary to win the trick but necessary to gain the lead. Overtrick A trick taken by declarer beyond the number of tricks required by the contract. Pack Deck of cards. Pair Two players playing
a duplicate board. Also: "green all" and "both green", neither side vulnerable; and "at green" or "green against red", non-vulnerable against vulnerable. Grand slam force (GSF) A method of determining whether the partnership holds the top trump honors when the bid of a grand slam is a possibility. In its original form, the GSF was initiated with a bid of 5NT, asking partner to bid a grand slam with two of the top three honors in the trump suit. Depending
a dusting of black hairs on the ears and/or body. The Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard gives the Coton's weight as 6 to 8 kg (13 to 18 lb) for males and 3.5 to 5 kg (7.7 to 11.0 lb) for females. The Coton's height (including tolerance) is 25 to 30 cm (9.8 to 11.8 in) tall for males and 22 to 27 cm (8.7 to 10.6 in) for females. The Coton de Tuléar Club of America standard specifies the weight
a feature-length film of the same name, as have all six of its sequels. The novel has sold in excess of 120 million copies, making it the fourth best-selling book of all time. Most reviews were very favourable, commenting on Rowling's imagination, humour, simple, direct style and clever plot construction, although a few complained that the final chapters seemed rushed. The writing has been compared to that of Jane Austen, one of Rowling's favourite authors; Roald Dahl, whose works dominated
a federation and a confederation. Containing 5.5% of the world population in 2023, EU member states generated a nominal gross domestic product (GDP) of around €17.935 trillion in 2024, accounting for approximately one sixth of global economic output. Its cornerstone, the Customs Union, paved the way to establishing an internal single market based on standardised legal framework and legislation that applies in all member states in those matters, and only those matters, where the states have agreed to act as
a fixed site within the Cotswolds. Segments and road trip specials have been filmed in various locations worldwide, including across Europe, Africa, the Americas, and Asia. After the conclusion of the third series, the production team switched out of this format, and towards a focus on producing special motoring films for future series, with individual episodes released at select intervals. The final episode featuring Clarkson, Hammond, and May as presenters was released on 13 September 2024, ending the 22-year-long partnership
a forcing pass and then bidding over partner's double (pass and pull). An initial pass when playing a strong pass system. Forcing take-out Obsolete name for a strong jump shift by responder. Fork A tenace. Fouled board A board whose cards are not distributed as they were when first played, due to returning the cards to their slots erroneously. Four-card majors An agreement that an opening bid of 1♥ or 1♠ promises at least four cards in the suit bid.
a form of elopement. Coup without a name See Scissors coup. "Coup without a name" is an earlier term for the coup, conferred by Ely Culbertson. Cover card A card (honor or extra trump) which is known to compensate one of partner's losers; for example, a king in trumps covers partner's trump loser. Crack (Slang, verb). To make a penalty double. Also, "cracked", a doubled contract, regardless of the result; as in e.g. "The contract was 2♠ cracked". Crash (Usually
a fully convertible currency, it remains far behind the Euro and the U.S. Dollar in international trade volumes. The Chinese government has also been cited for failing to crack down on the manufacturing and export of counterfeit goods. In 2023, Harvard University's Economic Complexity Index ranked complexity of China's exports 16th in the world, up from 24th in 2010. China received 65.7 million international visitors in 2019, and in 2018 was the fourth-most-visited country in the world. It also experiences
a generation of remove reveals what a well-crafted movie it actually was. Rewatched today, the original Kid, directed by Rocky's John G. Avildsen, feels smart and fresh, with a wealth of small character details and a leisurely middle section that explores the boy's developing respect for his teacher." American Film Institute AFI's 100 Years...100 Cheers – #98 In the United Kingdom, it was watched by 3.7 million viewers on television in 2017, making it the year's tenth most-watched film on
a grade change to A+. In an interview, Waite said, "Goodness, he certainly proved he knew how to work the Constitution and what it meant and how to be politically active, [...] So, yes, I think he deserves an A after that effort – A-plus!" A+ is not a valid grade at UT, so Watson's grade may have been changed to an A, though Elkins urged the registrar to leave it as the only A+ ever recorded at the University
a grassy mound, a type of compartment, on which are thistles, Tudor roses and shamrocks, representing Scotland, England and Ireland respectively. In front of this is the motto Dieu et mon droit, a French phrase meaning 'God and my right'. The royal arms in Scotland use the same basic elements, but with distinctive Scottish symbolism. In the shield the Scottish arms occupy the first and fourth quarters and the English arms the second, giving the former precedence. The shield is
a hand. Shift 1) (Verb) To lead a suit other than the one already played. 2) (Noun) In the bidding, a change of suit, usually said of a jump bid (see jump shift). Shoot To try for an unusually good result by adopting an abnormal line of play, typically at matchpoint scoring. Declarer hopes that the cards are distributed in such a way that a superior line of play will fail. Short club The natural opening bid of 1♣ when
a high price tends to dampen demand while a low price tends to increase demand, in theory there is a particular price somewhere in the middle where supply and demand will match. A Barter double auction is an auction where every participant has a demand and an offer consisting of multiple attributes and no money is involved. For the mathematical modelling of satisfaction level, Euclidean distance is used, where the offer and demand are treated as vectors. Auctions can be
a high vocal delivery might fuel perceptions of homosexuality, he avoided it. After the early 1970s, his voice degraded following heavy cigarette and cocaine use, with 15 Big Ones marking the emergence of what biographer Peter Ames Carlin termed Wilson's "baritone croak". In a 1999 interview, Wilson compared his style to Bob Dylan's "harsh, raspy voice". Wilson was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder and mild bipolar disorder. From 1965 on, he regularly experienced auditory hallucinations in the form of disembodied voices.
a lightning bolt-shaped scar on Harry's forehead. Hagrid takes Harry to Diagon Alley, where Harry discovers he is famous among wizards. He buys a wand, an owl named Hedwig, and other school supplies. A month later, Harry takes the Hogwarts Express to Hogwarts. During the journey, he befriends Ron Weasley, a fellow first-year student. He also meets Hermione Granger and has a confrontation with Draco Malfoy. At Hogwarts, a magical Sorting Hat assigns each first-year student to a House. Harry,
a lower-ranked suit; the reverse is not true. Rebid The second or a subsequent bid by the same player. A bid by the same player in a suit he has already bid. Rebiddable suit A suit with sufficient length and strength, according to partnership agreements, to be rebid in certain defined circumstances. Recap (Abbreviation of "recapitulation") A summary of results in a bridge tournament. Recorder A member of a bridge organization whose responsibility it is to maintain a record of
a major suit opening that shows more strength than usual. Contract The statement of the pair who has won the bidding, that they will take at least the stated number of tricks. The contract consists of two components: the level, stating the number of tricks to be taken (in addition to the book tricks), and the denomination, denoting the trump suit (or its absence in a notrump bid). The last bid in the bidding phase denotes the final contract. Short
a matter of debate among legal scholars. The European Union is based on a series of treaties. These first established the European Community and the EU, and then made amendments to those founding treaties. These are power-giving treaties which set broad policy goals and establish institutions with the necessary legal powers to implement those goals. These legal powers include the ability to enact legislation which can directly affect all member states and their inhabitants. The EU has legal personality, with
a minimum acceptable price established by the seller prior to the auction, which may or may not be disclosed to the bidders. If the winning bid is below the reserve price, the seller has the right to reject the bid and withdraw the item or items being auctioned. The reserve price differs from a minimum bid (see definition), in that the seller sets the reserve price (if desired), while the auctioneer sets the minimum bid. Sealed bid – a submitted
a mixed raise. Morton's fork coup A play that forces the defense to choose between taking a high card that will establish extra winners for declarer, and ducking the trick, after which the high card cannot be cashed. Movement In a tournament, the scheme for the progression of players and boards from table to table, arranged so that a pair does not play the same boards twice, or meet the same opponents twice etc. The most common movements for pairs
a mobile and web application where users can play deals against robots. The company was started in France and is now owned by GOTO Games which is part of 52 Entertainment. OKbridge is the oldest extant internet bridge service: it was established as a commercial enterprise in 1994, but the program started to be used interactively in August 1990 by players of all standards. OKbridge is a subscription-based club, with services such as customer support and ethics reviews. RealBridge was
a mock trailer created with footage from prior works by Macchio and Zabka. The show was ultimately greenlit in August 2017 by the subscription service YouTube Red (later YouTube Premium). Executive producers James Lassiter and Caleeb Pinkett of Overbrook Entertainment in association with Sony Pictures Television joined the Cobra Kai creators. The first and second seasons launched on YouTube Red / YouTube Premium in May 2018 and April 2019. The creators of the series explored moving to another platform ahead
a more resonant sound. Starting in 1964, Wilson performed tape splices on his recordings, usually to allow difficult vocal sections to be performed by the group. By 1965, he had become more adventurous in his use of tape splicing. These experiments culminated with the complex editing processes adopted for "Good Vibrations" and Smile. Mark Linett, who engineered Wilson's recordings from the 1980s on, stated, "He certainly wasn't the first person to do edits, but it was unusual to record a
a movie version of The Cursed Child with the original cast is "never going to happen". In an interview with Variety from the same month, Columbus spoke of "separating the artist from the art" and described the controversy around Rowling as "just sad, it's very sad", while noting that he does not agree with her views. Official website
a museum bidding on a particular item for its collection). If the proxy is outbid on an item during the auction, the proxy (depending on the instructions of the bidder) may either increase the bid (up to a set amount established by the bidder) or be required to drop out of the bidding for that item. A proxy may also be limited by the bidder in the total amount to spend on items in a multi-item auction. Relisting – re-selling
a number of ancillary bodies which advise the EU or operate in a specific area. The union's executive branch is organised as a directorial system, where the executive power is jointly exercised by several people. The executive branch consists of the European Council and European Commission. The European Council sets the broad political direction of the union. It convenes at least four times a year and comprises the president of the European Council (presently António Costa), the president of the
a number of countries during the 20th century, including in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom, legislation was passed to provide for the voluntary or statutory recognition of a union by an employer. Union density has been steadily declining from the OECD average of 35.9% in 1998 to 27.9% in the year 2018. The main reasons for these developments are a decline in manufacturing, increased globalization, and governmental policies. The decline in manufacturing is the most direct influence,
a part of the province of Leinster was once the province of the High Kings of Ireland. Its arms are of a king sitting on a throne on a blue field. The variant apparently used as the arms of Ireland were of a majesty on a sable (black) background instead of an azure (blue) field. A crest, which was little used, is thought to have been created for the ascension of James I. This crest was blazoned: A tower triple
a part of the record 5th wicket partnership. His most significant record is his batting average of 99.94. One of cricket's most famous statistics, it still stands almost 40 runs higher than any other batsman's career average. Don Bradman is the only player in the world to have scored 5000 runs against a single opposition: 5028 runs against England. In the Manchester Test of 1956, England spin bowler Jim Laker took 19 wickets for 90 runs (19–90) which set not
a part score, when you bid in pass-out seat, (2) the opponents then bid game, (3) you double for penalties, and (4) they make the contract. In some circles, the coup is not recognized unless the contract makes through misdefense. BIT Break in tempo. See Tempo def 2. Blackwood convention Popular bidding convention in contract bridge, used to determine number of partner's aces/kings to evaluate for slam bids. Blank (Adjective) Unprotected by other, usually lower cards in the same suit:
a partial opt-out of the Charter of Fundamental Rights. African Union – Continental union of African states Brussels and the European Union Censorship in the European Union Euroscepticism – Body of criticism of the European Union List of country groupings List of multilateral free-trade agreements – Free trade agreements listPages displaying short descriptions of redirect targets Outline of the European Union Pan-European nationalism – Far-right ultra-nationalism Special territories of members of the European Economic Area Wojciech Jastrzębowski – Polish biologist
a partially autobiographical song "about a guy who was crying because he thought he was too advanced". In a 1995 interview, he called "Caroline, No" "probably the best [song] I've ever written". The album's lead single, "Caroline, No", released in March 1966, became Wilson's first solo credit, sparking speculation about his potential departure from the Beach Boys. Wilson later said, "I explained to [the group], 'It's OK. It is only a temporary rift [...] I wanted to step out a
a particular industry (industrial unionism). The agreements negotiated by a union are binding on the rank-and-file members and the employer, and in some cases on other non-member workers. Trade unions traditionally have a constitution which details the governance of their bargaining unit and also have governance at various levels of government depending on the industry that binds them legally to their negotiations and functioning. Originating in the United Kingdom, trade unions became popular in many countries during the Industrial Revolution
a particular position (if their ace is to the right of your king, your king may be able to take a trick, especially if, when that suit is led, the player to your right has to play their card before you do) trumping an opponent's high card Nearly all trick-taking techniques in bridge can be reduced to one of these four methods. The optimum play of the cards can require much thought and experience and is the subject of whole
a particular section of skilled workers (craft unionism, traditionally found in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the US), a cross-section of workers from various trades (general unionism, traditionally found in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Netherlands, the UK and the US), or attempt to organize all workers within a particular industry (industrial unionism, found in Australia, Canada, Germany, Finland, Norway, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the US). These unions are often divided into "locals", and
a post-war world and Europe increasingly became a part of the agenda. This led to a decision at the Yalta Conference in 1944 to form a European Advisory Commission, later replaced by the Council of Foreign Ministers and the Allied Control Council, following the German surrender and the Potsdam Agreement in 1945. By the end of the war, European integration became seen as an antidote to the extreme nationalism that had caused the war. On 19 September 1946, in a
a range of reviews from critics. Some audiences and critics have complimented the casting and performances, while many debate the quality of the piece and how it compares to entries in the main Harry Potter series. Publications awarding five-star ratings included The Independent, the London Evening Standard, The Stage, and WhatsOnStage. The Telegraph also gave five, although "there are some quibbles", while The Guardian's Michael Billington awarded four stars. Anthony Boyle's performance as Scorpius Malfoy garnered particular acclaim. WhatsOnStage wrote
a response. Within play, it is also commonly agreed what systems of opening leads, signals and discards will be played: Conventions for the opening lead govern how the first card to be played will be chosen and what it will mean, Count signals cover the situation when a defender is following suit (usually to a suit that the declarer has led). In such circumstances the order in which a defender plays his spot cards will indicate whether an even or
a ring was used as a central plot device in an episode of the British television series Lovejoy (series 4, episode 3), in which the price of a watercolour by the (fictional) Jessie Webb is inflated so that others by the same artist could be sold for more than their purchase price. In an English auction, a dummy bid is a bid made by a dummy bidder acting in collusion with the auctioneer or vendor, designed to deceive genuine bidders
a scissor bite or pincer bite. Its eyes are normally round, dark in colour, and wide-set. Traditionally, the expression is lively, intelligent, bright, and merry. Typically, the Coton de Tuléar's ears are triangular and set high. The leather of the ear is often thin, and the neck is strong, favoured to be without a dewlap, and slightly arched. The chest is typically well developed and reaches to (FCI-Standard N° 283 / 04. 02. 2000 / GB) the elbows. A Coton
a score awarded by the Director (when empowered by the Laws) in order to redress damage to a non-offending side and to take away any advantage gained by an offending side through an infraction. It may be "assigned" (weighted to reflect the probabilities of a number of potential results) or "artificial" (otherwise). The scores awarded to the two sides need not balance. Advance cue bid The cue bid of a first round control that occurs before a partnership has agreed
a secular order and the pro-Pakistan Islamist parties were barred from political participation. The majority of East Pakistani ulama had either remained neutral or supported the Pakistani state, since they felt that the breakup of Pakistan would be detrimental for Islam. Although East Pakistan accounted for a slight majority of the country's population, political power remained in the hands of West Pakistanis. Since a straightforward system of representation based on population would have concentrated political power in East Pakistan, the
a seven reception, 111-yard performance in a 31–16 victory in the regular season finale against the Dallas Cowboys, while scoring a rushing touchdown, CBS announcer Pat Summerall stated that "When this guy [Rice] is finished [retires], he'll be considered one of the greatest wide receivers to ever play this game." He recorded 49 catches, for 927 yards, and three receiving touchdowns, averaging 18.9 yards per catch in his rookie season, and started four out of sixteen possible games. United Press
a significant portion of its economy, and suffered setbacks to its geopolitical role in South Asia. In the post-war era, Pakistan struggled to absorb the lessons learned from the military interventions in the democratic system and the impact of the Pakistani military's failure was grave and long-lasting. From the geopolitical point of view, the war ended in the breaking-up of the unity of Pakistan from being the largest Muslim country in the world to its politico-economic and military collapse that
a similar format. Throughout all three series, the presenters often used a discussion period on various topics within a segment entitled "Conversation Street", which had a running gag of opening with an intro of the presenters in silhouette doing something comedic and/or unusual. Celebrities were not initially part of the programme to begin with, due to concerns over legal issues that the BBC could raise if it competed against the celebrity format used in Top Gear. As such, the programme
a single raise; 1?–3? is a double raise. Rank The position of an individual card relative to others: Aces have the highest rank, followed by K, Q, J, 10, ... 2. The order of denominations in the bidding. Notrump is highest-ranked denomination, followed by spades, hearts, diamonds and clubs. A higher-ranked suit may be bid at the same level as a lower-ranked suit; the reverse is not true. Rebid The second or a subsequent bid by the same player. A
a singleton or void in the bid suit. For example, a partnership could treat 4♣ in response to an opening bid of 1♠ as a splinter bid, showing a good hand with spade support and a singleton or void club. Compare with Fragment bid. Split 1) (Noun) The distribution in the opponents' hands of the cards in a suit. 2) (Verb) To play one of two touching honors when the lead comes through them. Split menace A menace in squeeze
a singleton or void in the other; e.g. ♠KJ9 facing a void is much less useful than ♠KJ9 facing ♠Q4. (2) High cards in short suits in both hands, e.g. ♠AJ facing ♠KQ. Dustbin Notrump A bidding response of 1NT to an opening bid that doesn't show a balanced hand but a weak hand (6–9 HCP), no support for partner and no higher ranking 4+ card suit to bid. So the hand could be unbalanced. Eastern Scientific A bidding style
a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Hollywood, USA. February 13 Michael Jackson's first son, Michael Joseph Jackson Jr., is born. The Spice Girls knock Toni Braxton's "Unbreak My Heart" off the top spot in the US singles chart. They are the first female British group to have a US number one with their debut single. February 20 – Ben and Jerry's introduce "Phish Food", a new flavor of ice cream named after the rock group Phish. The
a strong hand. View An assumption about how the cards lie on a particular deal: "Sorry, partner, I took a view." Void No cards in a given suit. Voidwood See Exclusion Blackwood. Vugraph, or viewgraph A method of visually displaying tournament bridge deals to spectators, by optical or electronic means. Vulnerability The scoring condition of each pair in advance of a deal. In duplicate bridge and Chicago, vulnerability is pre-determined for each board or deal; in rubber bridge, it is
a suit to indicate a relatively weak hand with a long suit. Whist A trick-taking card game and predecessor to contract bridge. Wholesale A count or total that obscures cards' identities. A bid of 5♥ in response to Blackwood shows two aces wholesale, without announcing which aces they are. Wide open (Said of a suit) Without a stopper. Wide-ranging bid A bid made within a wide range of strengths and shapes, the opposite of a limit bid. An example from
a swift, three-pronged assault of nine infantry divisions with attached armoured units and close air support that rapidly converged on Dacca, the capital of East Pakistan. Lieutenant General Jagjit Singh Aurora, the General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Indian Army's Eastern Command, led the full Indian thrust into East Pakistan. As the Indian Eastern Command attacked the Pakistan Eastern Command, IAF rapidly destroyed the small air contingent in East Pakistan and put the Dacca airfield out of commission. In the meantime,
a team match. Swinging An aggressive playing style, usually adopted by a pair or team who is behind with some chance to catch the leaders "with a little luck." Swinging players will make plays slightly against the odds that will offer large gains if they succeed. For example, a swinging pair might bid a 60% grand slam on a hand where a small slam should be the normal contract. They might also make close doubles of normal contracts that might
a third party, who in turn releases the funds to the seller under agreed-upon terms. Estimate - auction houses typically give an estimate (or guide price), often a range, for lots. This is a rather conservative indication of the price they expect the lot to reach at auction, decided by the auction house, perhaps after consulting outside experts. If an auction is going well, most lots will achieve a price near the top of the estimate, or some 20 or
a three-year senior secondary school, while 60.8 percent of secondary school graduates were enrolled in higher education. China has the largest education system in the world, with about 287 million students and 18.85 million full-time teachers in over 470,300 schools in 2024. Annual education investment went from less than US$50 billion in 2003 to more than US$817 billion in 2020. However, there remains an inequality in education spending. In 2010, the annual education expenditure per secondary school student in Beijing
a tie-breaking "yea" vote. The amended resolution was then adopted by a vote of 64 to 24, with four not voting. Nearly a year later, the House accepted the change. The conference report that would become the Seventeenth Amendment was approved by the Senate in a 42 to 36 vote on April 12, 1912, and by the House 238 to 39, with 110 not voting on May 13, 1912. Having been passed by Congress, the amendment was sent to the
a trade union, is highest in the Nordic countries. Since the publication of the History of Trade Unionism (1894) by Sidney and Beatrice Webb, the predominant historical view is that a trade union "is a continuous association of wage earners for the purpose of maintaining or improving the conditions of their employment". Karl Marx described trade unions thus: "The value of labour-power constitutes the conscious and explicit foundation of the trade unions, whose importance for the ... working class can
a true squeezed position, but is not. Declarer hopes that the defender will misplay as a result. The literature often gives as an example a position in which declarer has a void in dummy's apparent suit of entry. Psych, psyche, psychic, or psychic bid A call that grossly misstates high card strength or distribution, made so as to deceive the opponents. The Laws specify that psychic bids themselves are legal. It is, however, a violation to infer and fail to
a two-day visit to Islamabad from 29 to 30 November 2001. Kharazi met with Pakistani Foreign Minister Abdul Sattar and President Musharraf. Iran and Pakistan vowed to improve their relations, and agreed to help establish a broad-based, multi-ethnic government under U.N. auspices. The President of Iran, Mohammad Khatami, paid a three-day state visit to Pakistan from 23 to 25 December 2002, the first visit by an Iranian head of government since 1992. It was a high-level delegation, consisting of the
a unit, this tsunami earthquake triggers a tsunami that causes most of the damage and casualties, with at least 116 killed. Average runup heights are 3–8 meters (9.8–26.2 ft). September 7 In Ciskei, members of the Ciskei Defence Force loyal to dictator Oupa Gqozo open fire into a crowd of anti-Gqozo protestors organized by the African National Congress, killing at least 28 people and wounding nearly 200. President of Tajikistan Rahmon Nabiyev is forced to resign following weeks of clan
a very low price (plus price of rights-to-bid used), all the losers will have paid, and the seller will typically receive significantly more than the value of the item. A senior auction is a variation on the all-pay auction, and has a defined loser in addition to the winner. The top two bidders must pay their full final bid amounts, and only the highest wins the auction. The intent is to make the high bidders bid above their upper limits.
a vicious elbow, doing further damage. Daniel, standing with difficulty, assumes the "Crane" stance, a technique he observed Mr. Miyagi performing on a beach. Johnny lunges toward Daniel, who jumps and executes a front kick to Johnny's chin, scoring the tournament-winning point and becoming the new champion. Johnny, having gained newfound respect for his nemesis, presents the trophy to Daniel himself, as Daniel is carried off by an enthusiastic crowd while Miyagi looks on proudly. Ralph Macchio as Daniel LaRusso
a void, singleton, or 7-card suit. Unbalanced hand A 13-card hand with unbalanced distribution in the broad or narrow sense just above. Unbid suit A suit that has neither been bid nor indirectly shown. Unblock To play a card whose rank interferes with the use of cards in the opposite hand. Opposite dummy's KQJ, declarer's singleton ace blocks the suit, and so is played to unblock. There are other situations that require unblocking, such as the Vienna coup. Under See
abandoned in 1967. Revisiting the project was an intense emotional undertaking for Wilson, who had long associated it with trauma and personal failure. Wilson initially agreed to revisit Smile in the form of a live concert performance, commissioned by the Royal Festival Hall in London, as a follow-up to his 2000–2002 tour for the Beach Boys' album Pet Sounds. From October to November 2003, he worked with keyboardist Darian Sahanaja and original lyricist Van Dyke Parks in assembling a three-movement
ability to enact legislation which can directly affect all member states and their inhabitants. The EU has legal personality, with the right to sign agreements and international treaties. The main legal acts of the European Union come in three forms: regulations, directives, and decisions. Regulations become law in all member states the moment they come into force, without the requirement for any implementing measures, and automatically override conflicting domestic provisions. Directives require member states to achieve a certain result while
ability to overcome geographical constraints, provide real-time information and reduce transaction costs, bringing greater convenience to people and allowing more people to participate as bidders, as well as being able to view a greater selection of auctions. Websites like eBay provide a potential market of millions of bidders to sellers. Established auction houses, as well as specialist internet auctions, sell many things online, from antiques and collectibles to holidays, air travel, brand new computers, and household equipment. Private electronic markets
ability to reclaim his song rights within a time period after signing them away under the Copyright Act of 1976). In 2022, his ex-wife Marilyn, who had been awarded half of his songwriting royalties, sued him for $6.7 million. On July 26, 2022, Wilson played his final concert, as part of a joint tour with Chicago at the Pine Knob Music Theatre in Clarkston, Michigan, where he was reported to have "sat rigid and expressionless" throughout the performance. Days later,
able to properly say goodbye to him, and believed that San Francisco should have "treated Joe with more class" when they traded him. In Week 8, Rice had a 155-yard performance with two receiving touchdowns against the Phoenix Cardinals. In Week 11, Rice had eight receptions for 172 yards and four touchdowns against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the 45–21 victory. For his game against Tampa Bay, he won NFC Offensive Player of the Week. Two weeks later, he had
about $800 million and $1 billion. Approximately 3,600 fires were set, destroying 1,100 buildings, with fire calls coming once every minute at some points. Widespread looting also occurred. Rioters targeted stores owned by Koreans and other ethnic Asians, reflecting tensions between them and the African American communities. Many of the disturbances were concentrated in South Central Los Angeles, where the population was majority African American and Latino. Fewer than half of all the riot arrests and a third of those
about his skill in Quidditch, and despises anyone who is not a pure-blood wizard and wizards who do not share his views. His parents had supported Voldemort, but changed sides after the dark wizard's disappearance, claiming they had been bewitched. Draco avoids direct confrontations and tries to get Harry and his friends into trouble. Oliver Wood is Harry's Quidditch captain and keeper for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Professor Quirrell is a twitching, stammering, and nervous man who teaches Defence Against
about the detection of plans to deploy PNS Ghazi Romeo Akbar Walter, a 2019 spy thriller film was set against the backdrop of the 1971 Indo-Pakistani war, which tells the story of Rehmatullah Ali, a young Indian bank clerk, who is recruited by the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), for a covert operation in Pakistan. Bhuj: The Pride of India, 2021 action film set during the war tells the story of rebuilding the Bhuj airbase in India, which was damaged
about the verdicts in the King trial and noted the root causes of the disturbances. He repeatedly emphasized the continuing patterns of racism, police brutality, and economic despair suffered by inner-city residents. Several prominent writers discussed a similar "culture of poverty" argument. Writers in Newsweek, for example, drew a distinction between the actions of the rioters in 1992 with those of the urban upheavals in the 1960s, arguing that "[w]here the looting at Watts had been desperate, angry, mean, the
above the line. Deal 2: West bids and makes 4♥. This scores 120 contract points below the line; since there are no overtricks, no points are scored above the line. The accumulation of 100 or more points below the line constitutes the end of the first game and is signified by the drawing of a horizontal line. Since no part-game or game bonus is awarded in rubber bridge, East-West do not receive an additional game bonus and North-South do not
above the main horizontal line where extra points are entered; extra points are those awarded for holding honor cards in trumps, for bonuses for scoring game, small slam, grand slam or winning a rubber, for overtricks on the declaring side and for undertricks on the defending side and for fulfilling doubled or redoubled contracts. Points awarded for contract odd tricks bid and made are entered below the line. See Bridge scoring. ACBL American Contract Bridge League, the sport governing body
accept Rahman's Six Points. On 3 March 1971, the two leaders of the two wings along with the president general Yahya Khan met in Dacca to decide the fate of the country. After their discussions yielded no satisfactory results, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman called for a nationwide strike. Bhutto feared a civil war, therefore, he sent his trusted companion, Mubashir Hassan. A message was conveyed, and Rahman decided to meet Bhutto. Upon his arrival, Rahman met with Bhutto and both agreed
accompany his bandmates for a two-week U.S. tour, but during a flight from Los Angeles to Houston, he experienced a breakdown, sobbing uncontrollably due to stress over his recent marriage to Marilyn Rovell. Jardine recalled, "None of us had ever witnessed something like that." Wilson played the show in Houston later that day, but was replaced by session musician Glen Campbell for the rest of the tour. Wilson, speaking in 1966, described it as "the first of a series of
accompanying instruments. The singers arrange themselves in a hollow square, with rows of chairs or pews on each side assigned to each of the four parts: treble, alto, tenor, and bass. The treble and tenor sections are usually mixed, with men and women singing the notes an octave apart. There is no single leader or conductor; rather, the participants take turns in leading. The leader for a particular round selects a song from the book, and "calls" it by its
accomplishments as a producer and composer helped initiate an era of unprecedented creative autonomy for label-signed acts. He contributed to the development of many music genres and movements, including the California sound, art pop, psychedelia, chamber pop, progressive music, punk, and sunshine pop. Since the 1980s, his influence has extended to styles such as post-punk, indie rock, emo, dream pop, Shibuya-kei, and chillwave. He received numerous industry awards, including two Grammy Awards and Kennedy Center Honors, as well as nominations
according to surveys done by Pew Research, 93% of respondents were formally unaffiliated with any religion. However, in terms of practices, 75% visit family graveyards each year, 47% believe in feng shui, 33% believe in buddha, 26% burn incense to deities each year and 18% believe in taoist deities. These are not exclusive beliefs and often these will overlap as the respondents will have multiple beliefs at the same time. For example, of those 33% who believe in buddha, a
accrocher < Fr croc < ON krókr "hook" < Gmc) raccroc race "race, lineage" ( < It razza < Lomb raiza "line" < Gmc, cf OHG reiza "line") racer rade "road"; (Naval.) "roadstead" ( < ME rade, raid "road, journey" < OE rād < Gmc) rader rader "to travel" dérader radoter "to dote" radoteur radotage radoterie radoub "repair, refitting" radouber (Naut.) "to refit" radoub rafler "to carry off" rafle rafraîchir "to refresh, cool" rafraîchissant rafraîchissement ragaillardir "to cheer up" ragréer
act against human rights violations worldwide. The new plan was expected to provide the European Union with greater flexibility to target and sanction those responsible for serious human rights violations and abuses around the world. Cultural co-operation between member states has been an interest of the European Union since its inclusion as a community competency in the Maastricht Treaty. Actions taken in the cultural area by the EU include the Culture 2000 seven-year programme, the European Cultural Month event, and
action-adventure game with platformer elements. The player controls Harry Potter, guiding him through a narrative reflecting that of the novel. The gameplay focuses on exploration, puzzle-solving, and spell-casting within Hogwarts, with additional minigames like Quidditch. A jump button is absent, with Harry automatically leaping when approaching ledges. Harry can collect Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans scattered around the school grounds. Beans can be exchanged with Fred and George Weasley for passwords, which can uncover rewards like the Nimbus 2000. Harry
actions into sequences of simple ones and helping students to avoid common errors. Joyce Fields wrote that the books illustrate four of the five main topics in a typical first-year sociology class: "sociological concepts including culture, society, and socialisation; stratification and social inequality; social institutions; and social theory". Stephen Brown noted that the early Harry Potter books, especially Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, were a runaway success despite inadequate and poorly organised marketing. Brown advised marketing executives to be
active nuclear weapons program. On May 26, 2025, Pakistani Prime Minister Shahbaz Sharif, during a joint press conference with Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian, announced that Pakistan supports Iran's right to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes. Difficulties have included disputes over trade and political position. While Pakistan's foreign policy maintains balanced relations with Saudi Arabia, the United States, and the European Union, Iran tends to warn against it, and raised concerns about Pakistan's absolute backing of the Taliban during the
active pharmaceutical ingredients in 2017. As of 2024, the life expectancy at birth exceeds 79 years. As of 2023, the infant mortality rate is 5 per thousand. Both have improved significantly since the 1950s. Rates of stunting, a condition caused by malnutrition, have declined from 33.1% in 1990 to 4.5% in 2024. Despite significant improvements in health and the construction of advanced medical facilities, China has several emerging public health problems, such as respiratory illnesses caused by widespread air pollution,
actor, record producer and musician, brother of and collaborator with Billie Eilish August 5 Olivia Holt, American actress and singer KennyHoopla, American singer August 7 Yungblud, English alternative rock musician, singer-songwriter Evaluna Montaner, a Venezuelan actress, singer, music director, dancer, television presenter Valentina Cho, Hong Kong singer-songwriter (STRAYZ) August 9 – Kazuya Ohashi, Japanese singer (Naniwa Danshi) August 10 – Sara Takatsuki, Japanese actress, model and singer August 11 Kanon Kimoto, former Japanese idol and actress (former SKE48) Saba, Danish
actual celebrity who was filmed briefly for the segment before their death is staged outside the tent's location or with a look-alike, or involving someone representing them, despite not being clearly identifiable. This segment was later dropped leading to the decision that celebrities would be a part of the programme for the second series in a new segment entitled "Celebrity Face Off". Much like Top Gear's "Star in a Reasonably Priced Car", the segment involved two celebrities, who shared similar
actual performing practice. He wrote new alto parts for the many songs that originally just had three vocal lines. The Cooper revision was a success, being widely adopted in many areas of the South, such as Florida, southern Alabama, and Texas, where it has continued as the predominant Sacred Harp book to this day. The "Cooper book", as it is now often called, was revised by Cooper himself in 1907 and 1909. His son-in-law published the book in 1927, including
actually brought the war prisoners, non-Bengali and Pakistan-loyal Bengali bureaucrats and civilian servants to Pakistan. The Delhi Agreement witnessed the largest mass population transfer since the Partition of India in 1947. In 2009, the issue of establishing the International Crimes Tribunal began to take public support. The tribunal was formally established in 2010 to investigate and prosecute suspects for the genocide committed in 1971 by the Pakistan Army and their local collaborators, Razakars, Al-Badr and Al-Shams during the Bangladesh Liberation
addition, a president who already manifested disabling traits at the time he was elected is not thereby immunized from a declaration of inability. The "principal officers of the executive department[s]" are the 15 Cabinet members enumerated in the United States Code at 5 U.S.C. § 101: Acting secretaries can participate in issuing the declaration. If the president subsequently issues a declaration claiming to be able, then a four-day period begins during which the vice president remains acting president. If, by
additional songs in The Sacred Harp, 2025 Edition that cannot be assigned to any of these four main layers. There are some very old songs of European origin (e.g. the shapenote setting of Old Hundred, 49t), as well as songs from the English rural tradition that inspired the early New England composers. There are also a handful of songs by European classical composers (Ignaz Pleyel, Thomas Arne, and Henry Rowley Bishop). The book even includes five hymns by Lowell Mason,
adjudicated by adults, but did not win. Sandra Beckett commented that books that were popular with children were regarded as undemanding and as not of the highest literary standards – for example, the literary establishment disdained the works of Dahl, an overwhelming favourite of children before the appearance of Rowling's books. In 2003, the novel was listed at number 22 on the BBC's survey The Big Read. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone won two publishing industry awards given for
adjustment remained open to further negotiation. Since 2008, Pakistan began facing severe criticism from the United States over any kind of energy deal with Iran. Despite delaying for years the negotiations over the IPI gas pipeline project, Pakistan and Iran have finally signed the initial agreement in Tehran in 2009. The project, termed as the peace pipeline by officials from both countries, was signed by President Zardari and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran. In 2009, India withdrew from the project
adult fiction. Nel also noted that, like many good writers for children, Rowling combines several literary genres‍—‌fantasy, young adult fiction, boarding school stories, and Bildungsroman, among others. Some reviewers compared Philosopher's Stone to the stories of Roald Dahl, who died in 1990. Many writers since the 1970s had been hailed as his successor, but none had attained anything near his popularity with children and, in a poll conducted shortly after the launch of Philosopher's Stone, seven of the ten most
adverse overruff, or choose to ruff with a higher trump that makes a later winner of an opponent's trump by force of cards. Trump squeeze A squeeze that forces an opponent to weaken his holding in one of the threat suits enough that the suit can later be ruffed out. Trump suit, or simply "trumps" By way of the auction, declarer and declarer's partner select the trump suit on the basis of their combined length and strength in the suit:
advises second hand to play a low card on RHO's lead. See also Third hand high. Section A group of contestants in an event. Seed A ranking assigned to a contestant of relatively high rank. See-saw squeeze See Entry-shifting squeeze. Semi-balanced hand A hand with 5–4–2–2 or 6–3–2–2 distribution. Semi-forcing bid A bid which is conditionally forcing: one which requests partner to rebid unless his hand is minimal or sub-minimal for his previous bidding. Compare invitation. Sequence 1) The auction,
aesthetically significant." In 1984, 17-year-old Daniel LaRusso and his mother Lucille move from Newark, New Jersey, to Reseda, Los Angeles, California. Their apartment's handyman is an eccentric, but kind and humble Okinawan immigrant named Nariyoshi Miyagi. At a beach party the next day, Daniel meets and befriends Ali Mills, a high school cheerleader from Encino, drawing the attention of her arrogant ex-boyfriend Johnny Lawrence, a black belt and the top student from the Cobra Kai dojo, training in an aggressive
affect the proportional nature of the voting system. In the ordinary legislative procedure, the European Commission proposes legislation, which requires the joint approval of the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union to pass. This process applies to nearly all areas, including the EU budget. The parliament is the final body to approve or reject the proposed membership of the commission, and can attempt motions of censure on the commission by appeal to the Court of Justice. The
after 1880. Legalization occurred slowly as a result of a series of court decisions. The Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions began in 1881 as a federation of different unions that did not directly enrol workers. In 1886, it became known as the American Federation of Labor or AFL. In Germany, the Free Association of German Trade Unions was formed in 1897 after the conservative Anti-Socialist Laws of Chancellor Otto von Bismarck were repealed. In France, labour organisation was
after Agnew resigned, with the vice presidency empty, Nixon's removal or resignation would have transferred the presidential powers to House Speaker Carl Albert, a Democrat. But once Ford, a Republican, became vice president under Section 2, Nixon's removal became more palatable because it would not change the party holding the presidency, and therefore "the momentum for exposing the truth about Nixon's involvement in Watergate increased". On December 22, 1978, President Jimmy Carter considered invoking Section 3 in advance of hemorrhoid
after Chiang violently suppressed the CCP and other leftists in Shanghai, marking the beginning of the Chinese Civil War. CCP forces in Jiangxi were wiped out by the Nationalist government in 1934, leading the CCP to initiate the Long March and relocate to Yan'an in Shaanxi. It would be the base of the communists before major combat in the Chinese Civil War ended in 1949. In 1931, Japan invaded and occupied Manchuria. Japan invaded other parts of China in 1937,
after a homophonic opening couplet, in which each of the four choral parts enters in succession, in a way resembling a fugue. Anthems are songs with non-metrical text drawn (in whole or in part) directly from scripture; they are sung through just once rather than in multiple verses, and tend to be longer than hymn tunes and fuging tunes. Sacred Harp singing deviates in several respects from typical choral music. It is not generally rehearsed or performed for an audience:
after entering the monetary union, they were obliged in the Maastricht treaty to fulfil important financial obligations and procedures, especially to show budgetary discipline and a high degree of sustainable economic convergence, as well as to avoid excessive government deficits and limit the government debt to a sustainable level, as agreed in the European Fiscal Pact. Free movement of capital is intended to permit movement of investments such as property purchases and buying of shares between countries. Until the drive
after the final edit of the script was complete, and casting took place between April and June 1983. Principal photography began on October 31, 1983, in Los Angeles and was completed by December 16. The film was Macchio's second major film role, following The Outsiders (1983). The Karate Kid was theatrically released in the United States on June 22, 1984. It received positive reviews from critics, many of whom praised the action sequences, writing, themes, performances, and music. The film
against Dunn before throwing a called strike three to end the inning. Wilson then pitched a scoreless ninth, preserving the victory for Johnson. On September 24, with two outs and two strikes in the ninth inning and the Giants leading the Chicago Cubs by a 2–1 score, Wilson gave up a two-run home run to Jeff Baker. The loss hurt the Giants' chances of reaching the playoffs. In 68 games, Wilson had a 5–6 record, a 2.74 ERA, 83 strikeouts,
against LGBT hate crimes. Since the creation of the European Union in 1993, it has developed its competencies in the area of justice and home affairs; initially at an intergovernmental level and later by supranationalism. Accordingly, the union has legislated in areas such as extradition, family law, asylum law, and criminal justice. The EU has also established agencies to co-ordinate police, prosecution and civil litigations across the member states: Europol for police co-operation, CEPOL for training of police forces and
against the Atlanta Falcons, he had eight receptions for 171 yards and a touchdown in the 19–13 victory. For his game against the Falcons, he won NFC Offensive Player of the Week. On October 14, in Week 6 against the Falcons, Rice caught a career-best five touchdowns to go with 13 receptions for 225 yards in the 45–35 victory. For the second time and against the same opponent in the 1990 season, Rice won NFC Offensive Player of the Week.
against the New England Patriots in Week 3, Rice had 11 receptions for 181 yards in a 27–24 loss to the Detroit Lions. In Rice's next three games, he scored a receiving touchdown in each. On October 29, with an eight reception, 108-yard performance in Week 9, he surpassed James Lofton as the all-time leader in receiving yards against the Saints, with 14,040. Against the Cowboys, he had five receptions for 161 yards and a touchdown in a Week 11
age gap is also a huge problem when it comes to the range that these kids bring to the project" and noted the portrayal of the child antagonist Cheng includes an "overblown and overused grimace, which looks like it might have originally belonged to Dolph Lundgren, looks especially silly on a kid that hasn't learned how to shave yet". Finally, Abrams noted: "What's most upsetting is Dre's budding romance with Meiying. These kids have yet to hit puberty and already
agreement that when following suit to partner's lead, a low card encourages a continuation and a high card discourages. This is "upside-down", or the reverse of traditional practice. USBC United States Bridge Championships, competitions sponsored by the USBF in which entries compete to represent the United States in world tournaments. The USBC are teams-of-four tournaments that determine "USA" open, women, and senior teams. Sometimes the USBC winner and runner-up both qualify, as teams "USA1" and "USA2". USBF United States Bridge
agreement was signed in 1995 by Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, in which, this agreement foresaw construction of a pipeline from South–North Pars gas field to Karachi in Pakistan. Later, Iran made a proposal to extend the pipeline from Pakistan into India. In February 1999, a preliminary agreement between Iran and India was signed. Iran has the world's second-largest gas reserves, after Russia, but has been trying to develop its oil and gas resources for
air stations. The strikes led to India declaring war on Pakistan, marking their entry into the war for East Pakistan's independence, on the side of Bengali nationalist forces. India's entry expanded the existing conflict with Indian and Pakistani forces engaging on both the eastern and western fronts. Thirteen days after the war started, India achieved a clear upper hand, and the Eastern Command of the Pakistan military signed the instrument of surrender on 16 December 1971 in Dhaka, marking the
air superiority on the eastern front. At the end of the war, PAF pilots made successful escapes from East Pakistan to neighbouring Burma; many PAF personnel had already left the East for Burma on their own before Dacca was overrun by the Indian military in December 1971. As the Indian Army tightened its grip in East Pakistan, the IAF continued with its attacks against Pakistan as the campaign developed into a series of daylight anti-airfield, anti-radar, and close-support attacks by
airbases, aimed at crippling Indian airpower and initiating hostilities. Despite extensive planning, the operation inflicted only limited damage. On the Western front, General Hamid Khan commanded key offensives, including the assault towards Ferozepur and ordered the offensive in Chhamb under Major General Iftikhar Janjua, which resulted in territorial gains. He also directed the attempted advance towards Longewala, though this effort was ultimately repelled by Indian forces. Hamid Khan oversaw the II Corps offensive into the Indian Punjab. The plan involved
alarm to the evolving situation in East Pakistan and the prospect of India invading West Pakistan and Pakistani-controlled Kashmir. On 10 December 1971, Nixon instructed Kissinger to ask the Chinese to move some forces toward the frontier with India. Nixon said, "Threaten to move forces or move them, Henry, that's what they must do now". Kissinger met with Huang Hua, China's permanent representative to the United Nations, later that evening. The Chinese did not respond to this encouragement, because unlike
album Supa Dupa Fly. July 1 – Transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China: Tan Dun's Symphony 1997: Heaven, Earth, Mankind for orchestra, biānzhōng bells, children's chorus and solo cello is premièred as part of the official ceremony. July 5 – The first Lilith Fair tour kicks off at The Gorge Amphitheatre in George, Washington. Sarah McLachlan, Tracy Chapman and Jewel are among the performers. July 15–20 – The second Yoyo A Go Go punk and indie rock festival
album and citing the legal concept of "corporate opportunity", mentioned that it had possibly infringed on the Beach Boys' intellectual property rights. Love argued that, because the group had collectively paid for the 1960s recording sessions and all contributed work on the original tracks, "I would have thought it would have been more honorable to put it together as the Beach Boys." In many interviews he gave around the album's release, Wilson disparaged the Beach Boys, calling them inferior to
album at James William Guercio's Caribou Ranch studio. The group completed a few tracks, including "Child of Winter (Christmas Song)", but ultimately abandoned the project. Released as a single at the end of December 1974, "Child of Winter" was their first record that displayed the credit "Produced by Brian Wilson" since 1966. Early in 1975, while still under contract with Warner Bros., Wilson signed a short-lived sideline production deal with Bruce Johnston and Terry Melcher's Equinox Records. Together, they founded
album without Thomas's involvement. Thomas counter-sued, alleging that Wilson's wife had "schemed against and manipulated" him and Wilson; the case was settled out of court. He toured the U.S. again in October. Early in 2000, Wilson released his first live album, Live at the Roxy Theatre. Later that year, he embarked on U.S. tour dates featuring the first full live performances of Pet Sounds, with Wilson backed by a 55-piece orchestra. Van Dyke Parks was commissioned to write an overture
album: one was the verse melody of "Do You Like Worms?"; the other was the pairing of "Wonderful" and "Look". Regarding the latter, Sahanaja said that "Brian just butted those two together and said, 'Yeah, that's it! That's how it goes!'" Elaborating on Wilson and Parks' communication during the writing sessions, Sahanaja said: Brian would sing a melody, and I wouldn't know if it was new or something that had always been there. Van Dyke would listen, look up, and
alcoholic beverages, foods, and music. According to Nielsen, in 2013 more than $600 million worth of beer was purchased in the United States for Cinco de Mayo, more than for the Super Bowl or St. Patrick's Day. The May 4, 2023 edition of The Washington Post published an article describing the holiday of Cinco de Mayo as an American holiday with Mexican roots and not necessarily a Mexican holiday. Events tied to Cinco de Mayo also occur outside Mexico and
alienated the Soviet Union. A serious military cooperation took place during the Balochistan insurgency phases against the armed separatist movement in 1974–77. Around 100,000 Pakistan and Iranian troops were involved in quelling the separatist organizations in Balochistan and successfully put the resistance down in 1978–80. In May 2014, the two countries agreed to joint operations against terrorists and drug traffickers in the border regions. Despite complex ties between the two neighbours have been shaped by bilateral security concerns and strategic
all EU member states under Article 263 of the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). The Court was established in 1952, and is based in Luxembourg. It is composed of one judge per member state – currently 27 – although it normally hears cases in panels of three, five or fifteen judges. The Court has been led by president Koen Lenaerts since 2015. The CJEU is the highest court of the European Union in matters of Union
all goods entering the market. Once goods have been admitted into the market they cannot be subjected to customs duties, discriminatory taxes or import quotas, as they travel internally. The non-EU member states of Iceland, Norway, Liechtenstein and Switzerland participate in the single market but not in the customs union. Half the trade in the EU is covered by legislation harmonised by the EU. The European Union Association Agreement does something similar for a much larger range of countries, partly
all of the items have been bid for or the reserve price is reached. Items are allocated based on bid order; the highest bidder selects their item(s) first followed by the second highest bidder, etc. In a modification, all of the winning participants pay only the last announced price for the items that they bid on. The Dutch auction is named for its best known example, the Dutch tulip auctions. ("Dutch auction" is also sometimes used to describe online auctions
all official legal terms in Australia but may have other meanings elsewhere. A co-owner is one of two or several owners (who disagree among themselves). In Sweden and many other countries, there are no legal restrictions, but it will severely hurt the reputation of an auction house that knowingly permits any other bids except genuine bids. If the reserve is not reached this should be clearly declared. In South Africa, auctioneers can use their staff or any bidder to raise
all over the US and abroad. Similarly, the Sacred Harp singing community in western New England has become a prominent one in recent years; the late songleader Larry Gordon has been credited with re-popularizing Sacred Harp singing in northern New England. In March 2008, the 2008 Western Massachusetts Sacred Harp Convention attracted over 300 singers from 25 states and a number of foreign countries. Other prominent singing conventions outside the South include, for example, the Keystone Convention in Pennsylvania, the
all the animal and plant species found in China. China has over 10,000 recorded species of fungi. In the early 2000s, China has suffered from environmental deterioration and pollution due to its rapid pace of industrialization. Environmental regulations fairly stringent, though they are poorly enforced, frequently disregarded in favor of rapid economic development. China has the second-highest death toll because of air pollution, after India, with approximately 1 million deaths. Although China ranks as the highest CO2 emitting country, it
almost all of June mini-camp and one week of training camp; he was supported by his teammates and coaches along the way. Even through these troubles, he was available for the start of the regular season. In Week 4, against the Carolina Panthers, he had ten receptions for 127 receiving yards. In Week 7, he had his only game of the season with multiple receiving touchdowns with two against the Green Bay Packers. He had ten receptions for 129 yard
already reached the rank of major (acting lieutenant-colonel). In this year, he was instrumental in not letting the Indian officers shift books from the famous library of the Staff College, Quetta where Yahya was posted as an instructor at the time of the partition. He renamed the 'Command and Staff College' from 'Army Staff College'. At the age of 34, he was promoted to Brigadier, then the youngest Brigadier of Pakistan. And then he was appointed as commander of the
also Forcing bid, Grand slam force and One round force. Game try A bid that invites partner to bid game in a particular suit, made when a fit in that suit is known more than one level below game. Routinely the occasion a single raise from one to two of a major, as both 1S – 2S and 1C – 1S – 2S (opponents silent). In those two auctions all five bids from 2N to 3S are potentially game tries.
also SOS Redouble. Last Train A conventional bid that is one step above the current bid and one step below game in a trump suit. It is a mild slam try and conveys no information about the suit bid. After 1♥ – 3♥; 4♣, 4♦ is Last Train, invites slam, and does not necessarily show a diamond control. Late play A board that is played after the remainder of the event has finished, usually because of slow play or an
also been used alongside representations of the harp, including the patriotic slogan, Erin Go Bragh (English: Ireland Forever), Quis separabit? (English: Who will separate [us]?), the motto of the Most Illustrious Order of Saint Patrick, and It is new strung and shall be heard, the motto of the Society of United Irishmen. However, no heraldic motto has ever been granted to Ireland and none ever accompanies the coat of arms. The arms of the four traditional provinces of Ireland are
also for conducting timed laps of vehicles that are reviewed, except for ten cars which were timed outside of filming before the launch of the first series. Timed laps are conducted by a professional driver assigned to the programme – while the first series involved former NASCAR driver Mike Skinner, who was contracted to operate under the name "The American" and portray a stereotypical redneck accent and viewpoints alongside scripted character traits, the poor reception to his involvement led to
also invests abroad, with a total outward FDI of $147.9 billion in 2023. The Chinese government has promoted the internationalization of the renminbi in order to wean itself off its dependence on the U.S. dollar. The renminbi is the world's fourth-most traded currency as of 2023. However, partly due to capital controls that make the renminbi fall short of being a fully convertible currency, it remains far behind the Euro and the U.S. Dollar in international trade volumes. The Chinese
also make use of a supplementary volume, The Colored Sacred Harp, produced by Judge Jackson (1883–1958) in 1934 and later revised in two subsequent editions. In his book Judge Jackson and The Colored Sacred Harp, Joe Dan Boyd identified four regions of Sacred Harp singing among African-Americans: eastern Texas (Cooper book), northern Mississippi (Denson book), south Alabama and Florida (Cooper book), and New Jersey (Cooper book). The Colored Sacred Harp is limited to the New Jersey and south Alabama–Florida groups.
also rating China's government as more effective and capable than ever in the survey's history. A 2020 study by University of Southern California researchers affiliated with the Hoover Institution found that more anonymous surveys show 50 to 70 percent support for the CCP, much lower than what direct surveys show at above 90 percent. China has the world's second-largest economy in terms of nominal GDP, and the world's largest in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP). As of 2022, China
alternative agreement is four-card majors. Fix (Noun) An undeservedly poor result, usually caused by an opponent's error or eccentric play that happens to turn out well. (Verb) To be the victim of a fix: "We were fixed on Board 8." Flag-flying An obsolete term for making a preemptive bid. Flannery A conventional opening bid of two diamonds (some prefer two hearts instead) to show 11–15 HCP with 5 hearts and 4 spades. Flat Flat hand: A hand that lacks distributional
although most areas of EU law continued to apply to the UK for a transition period which lasted until 31 December 2020. The early 2020s saw Denmark abolishing one of its three opt-outs and Croatia adopting the euro. After the economic crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the EU leaders agreed for the first time to create common debt to finance the European Recovery Program called Next Generation EU (NGEU). On 24 February 2022, after massing on the borders of
always gold. The harp is shown on a blue background. The colour of the field is sometimes called St. Patrick's blue, a name applied to shades of blue associated with Ireland. In current designs, used by the UK and Irish states, the field is invariably a deep blue. The use of blue in the arms has been associated with Gormfhlaith, a Gaelic mythological personification of Ireland. The word Gormfhlaith is a compound of the Irish words gorm ("blue") and flaith
always the question of whether you're forcing Brian to do something he doesn't want to do. But in the end, do you want a Brian Wilson who just sits at home, watching TV, or should you try to put a spark under him and get him going to the point where it is a productive, positive thing for him?" Brian Wilson Presents Smile premiered at the Royal Festival Hall on February 20, 2004. It was bookended by two setlists consisting
amendment clarifies the crucial clause that provides for succession to the Presidency and for filling a Vice Presidential vacancy. On October 10, 1973, Vice President Spiro Agnew resigned, following a controversy over his personal taxes; two days later, President Richard Nixon nominated Representative Gerald Ford to replace Agnew as vice president pursuant to Section 2. Ford was confirmed by the Senate and the House on November 27 and December 6, respectively, and sworn in on December 6. On August 9,
amendment despite having affirmed it centuries ago. Michigan and New Jersey rushed to be the 38th state to ratify the amendment, but Michigan was faster, ratifying the amendment on May 7, 1992, resulting in the certification of the amendment. New Jersey ratified the amendment regardless, overturning its rejection of the amendment centuries earlier. In 2016, Zach Elkins, a professor in the University of Texas at Austin Department of Government, became interested in Watson's story and began to document its origins.
amendment intentionally omitted any wording that the vice president or other officials could exploit to depose the president merely by saying that he was "disabled", as the crew in the novel did to Captain Queeg. In 1963, Senator Kenneth Keating of New York proposed a Constitutional amendment that would have enabled Congress to enact legislation providing for how to determine when a president is unable to discharge the powers and duties of the presidency, rather than, as the Twenty-fifth Amendment
ammunition, intelligence and training ahead of its intervention in East Pakistan, which has been described as a "surprising minor success" of India's efforts to garner international support. In July 1971 Golda Meir, Israel's prime minister, got Israeli arms manufacturer Shlomo Zabludowicz to provide India and the Mukti Bahini with mortars, ammunition and instructors. Meir reportedly sought diplomatic ties with India in exchange, which were finally established in 1992 under P. V. Narasimha Rao. In the western front (present-day India-Pakistan border),
among EU countries was 0.4 per cent and five had met or exceeded the 0.7 per cent target: Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. The European Union uses foreign relations instruments like the European Neighbourhood Policy which seeks to tie those countries to the east and south of the European territory of the EU to the union. These countries, primarily developing countries, include some who seek to one day become either a member state of the European Union,
among the 12 proposals sent on September 25, 1789, to the states for their consideration. Ten of these, numbers 3–12, were ratified 27 months later and are known as the Bill of Rights. The remaining proposal, the Congressional Apportionment Amendment, has not been ratified by enough states to become part of the Constitution. The article on Congressional compensation was initially ratified by seven states through 1792 (including Kentucky), but was not ratified by another state for eighty years. The Ohio
among the co-producers. In 2020, BWPS was ranked number 399 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time". As of 2025, it is the third-highest rated album in the history of Metacritic. Brian Wilson abandoned Smile in mid-1967 amid difficulties during its production with the Beach Boys and lyricist Van Dyke Parks. The band substituted its release with Smiley Smile, a downscaled version, and a legend subsequently grew around the original project. During the 1980s, unreleased
among the fastest in the world. China is the world's largest industrial robotics producer and user in the world, accounting for 51% of the world's 2024 total demand, and 43% of global production. Its efforts to develop the most advanced semiconductors and jet engines have seen delays and setbacks. China is also considered a world leader in artificial intelligence. China is developing its education system with an emphasis on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). Its academic publication apparatus became
an accidental drowning; authorities said that he had alcohol and drugs in his body. Renee Campbell, his most recent attorney, described King as "... simply a very nice man caught in a very unfortunate situation." On May 3, 1992, in view of the large number of persons arrested during the riots, the California Supreme Court extended the deadline to charge defendants from 48 hours to 96 hours. That day, 6,345 people were arrested. Nearly one third of the rioters arrested
an advert-based network, they would not be beholden to commercial pressure from their advertisers. Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon, said he was "very excited" about bringing this programme to Amazon, and that producing the show would be "very, very, very expensive", but added, "[Clarkson, Hammond and May are] worth a lot and they know it." According to insider information reported by The Daily Mirror, Amazon paid £160 million for all three series. Wilman denied the show cost this much, but
an approximate reserve price, if one exists at all, from any estimate given in advance by the auction house. The reserve price may be fixed or discretionary. In the latter case, the decision to accept a bid is deferred to the auctioneer, who may accept a bid that is marginally below it. A reserve auction is safer for the seller than a no-reserve auction as they are not required to accept a low bid, but this could result in a
an attitude carding signal in contract bridge showing additional values (or lack thereof) in the first suit led by the defence, while the signal itself is given in the first suit played by declarer. Smolen After opener has denied a four-card major in a Stayman sequence, responder's jump to 3M to show four cards in the bid major and five cards in the other major. Smother play An endplay that captures an opponent's guarded trump by means of an overruff,
an elected leadership and bargaining committee, bargains with the employer on behalf of its members, known as the rank and file, and negotiates labour contracts (collective bargaining agreements) with employers. Unions may organize a particular section of skilled or unskilled workers (craft unionism), a cross-section of workers from various trades (general unionism), or an attempt to organize all workers within a particular industry (industrial unionism). The agreements negotiated by a union are binding on the rank-and-file members and the employer,
an encore at the Hollywood Palladium. After his father's death in June 1973, Wilson secluded himself in the chauffeur's quarters of his home, where he spent his time sleeping, abusing drugs and alcohol, overeating, and exhibiting self-destructive behavior. He rarely ventured outside wearing anything but pajamas and later said that his father's death "had a lot to do with my retreating". Wilson's family were eventually forced to take control of his financial affairs due to his irresponsible drug expenditures. This
an enemy, not dealing with his own misguided and misled people. The military action was a display of stark cruelty more merciless than the massacres at Bukhara and Baghdad by Chengiz Khan and Halaku Khan ... General Tikka ... resorted to the killing of civilians and a scorched earth policy. His orders to his troops were: 'I want the land and not the people'". Major-General Rao Farman wrote in his table diary: "Green land of East Pakistan will be painted
an episode of the game is simultaneously released with approximately 15 new challenges for the player to undertake. The game includes single player mode alongside local split-screen multiplayer for several of the challenges, with footage from the programme included in each episode's release. The presenters Clarkson, May, and Hammond provided voice-overs for the game. Since the game's release it has been met with mixed reviews from critics and positive reviews from fans of the show. In March 2025, a series
an established studio. Many of his peers considered him to be one of the most significant artists in popular music, and those who acknowledged his advancements included Philip Glass, Gustavo Dudamel, and Burt Bacharach, the latter of whom praised Wilson as "one of the greatest innovators" in music history. George Martin said, "No one made a greater impact on the Beatles than Brian [...] the musician who challenged them most of all." Jimmy Webb explained, "As far as a major,
an example of how different cultural systems can clash: "It is possible that Du, being the older woman, expected courtesy from Harlins, a teenager, and Harlins, as a customer, expected the same courtesy from Du, a merchant." On the evening of March 3, 1991, Rodney King and two passengers were driving west on the Foothill Freeway (I-210) through the Sunland-Tujunga neighborhood of the San Fernando Valley. The California Highway Patrol (CHP) attempted to initiate a traffic stop and a high-speed
an expanded roster of punchy personalities, Cobra Kai graduates to a black belt proficiency in heartfelt melodrama and sly humor." On Metacritic, it received a weighted score of 78 out of 100, based on seven critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The sixth and final season had an overall positive response from critics. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 91% of 47 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 7.0/10. The website's consensus reads: "Having achieved mastery over
an extraordinary ratter and kills a great many rats in the White House, in the cellars and on the lower floor and among the machinery. He is really a very nice little dog." No pictures of Scamp nor descriptions other than one which describes him as a Fox Terrier have been found. Another terrier which often is confused with the Rat Terrier was Roosevelt's dog named Jack. In Mr. Roosevelt's letter dated July 27, 1902, to Mrs. Roswell Field, he
an interview, a member of the group said that the group "just decided they weren't going to pay for what they were getting". The store owner's son was hit with a beer bottle, and two other youths smashed the store's glass front door. Two officers from the 77th Street Division of the LAPD responded to this incident and, finding that the instigators had already left, completed a report. At 4:58 p.m., Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley held a news conference
an invitational hand. A 2♦ bid is game forcing. Also called XY Checkback. XYZ Notrump A convention to be used after a sequence like 1X – 1Y – (1Z) – 1NT, or 1X – (1Z) – 1Y – 1NT, where 1Z is an opponent's bid. Thereafter a 2♣ is a puppet to 2♦, showing a weak ♦ or an invitational hand. A 2♦ bid is game forcing. Also called XYZ Checkback. Yarborough Originally, a hand with no card higher than
an opening bid of 1♥ and 1♠ requires a minimum of 4 or 5 cards in the suit (4 or 5 card majors) Whether doubling a contract at the 1, 2 and sometimes higher levels signifies a belief that the opponents' contract will fail and a desire to raise the stakes (a penalty double), or an indication of strength but no biddable suit coupled with a request that partner bid something (a takeout double). Whether doubling or overcalling over opponents'
an opening diamond bid is preferred. Also, "short diamond." These bids may also be called "prepared minors" – "prepared club" and "prepared diamond", or "better minor" bids. The EBU "Orange Book" recommends the term "prepared club" for bids that show a minimum of three cards, and "short club" where it may only be two cards or less. Short suit 1) In a 13-card hand, a singleton or void suit. 2) In a hand, that suit with the fewest cards. Short
an organization called LA Korean Youth Task Force and they went to protect these stores because there were no adult males in those families that could do it. Many were armed, with a variety of improvised weapons, handguns, shotguns, and semi-automatic rifles. Television coverage of two Korean merchants firing pistols repeatedly at roving looters was widely seen and controversial. The New York Times said: "that the image seemed to speak of race war, and of vigilantes taking the law into
an oval, with half of it involving a gravel track. The track was dropped from use after the second series, although was briefly involved in a motoring challenge during the third series. On 13 December 2018, Amazon announced that The Grand Tour had been renewed for a fourth series. With this, Amazon and the production team retired the studio and audience format in favour of films dedicated to road trips and adventure specials. The new format focuses on these individual
analogue of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans was introduced under licence in 2000 by toymaker Hasbro. Gunelius, Susan (2008). Harry Potter: The Story of a Global Business Phenomenon. Palgrave Macmillan. doi:10.1057/9780230594104. ISBN 978-0-230-59410-4. Smith, Sean (2002). J.K. Rowling: A Biography. Arrow Books. ISBN 978-0-09-944542-5. Quotations related to Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone at Wikiquote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone title listing at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone at Open Library
and "political emergencies" such as impeachment. Traits such as unpopularity, incompetence, impeachable conduct, poor judgment, or laziness might not in themselves constitute inability, but should such traits "rise to a level where they prevented the President from carrying out his or her constitutional duties, they still might constitute an inability, even in the absence of a formal medical diagnosis." In addition, a president who already manifested disabling traits at the time he was elected is not thereby immunized from a
and 13 December, the Soviet Navy dispatched two groups of ships, armed with nuclear missiles, from Vladivostok; they trailed US Task Force 74 in the Indian Ocean from 18 December until 7 January 1972. The Soviet Union supported Bangladesh and Indian armies, as well as the Mukti Bahini during the war, recognising that the independence of Bangladesh would weaken the position of its rivals—the United States and the People's Republic of China. It gave assurances to India that if a
and 17 receiving touchdowns; both his yards and touchdown numbers led the league. For the fourth straight season, Rice was selected to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro team. San Francisco finished the regular season with a 14–2 record, the league's best. Rice had six receptions for 114 yards and two touchdowns in the Divisional Round against the Minnesota Vikings; the 49ers won 41–13. In the NFC Championship against the Los Angeles Rams, he had six receptions for 55 yards
and 2020, the Pew Research Center ranked the severity of Chinese government restrictions on religion as being among the world's highest, despite ranking religious-related social hostilities in China as low in severity. China has limited protections regarding LGBT rights. The Global Slavery Index estimated that in 2016 more than 3.8 million people (0.25% of the population) were living in "conditions of modern slavery", including victims of human trafficking, forced labor, forced marriage, child labor, and state-imposed forced labor. The state-imposed
and 30 touchdowns as a senior, helping to lead the team to a 17–2 record over his final two seasons. He and Moor's starting quarterback, Willie Gillespie, were very dependable, enough for them to be nicknamed Johnny Unitas and Raymond Berry. In addition to football, Rice also played basketball as a forward and participated on the track and field team, competing in the high jump. Rice received over 40 contacts from NCAA Division I-A schools; his preference was to attend
and Al-Shams—to assist it during raids on the local populace. Members of the Pakistani military and supporting militias engaged in mass murder, deportation and genocidal rape, pursuing a systematic campaign of annihilation against nationalist Bengali civilians, students, intelligentsia, religious minorities and armed personnel. The capital, Dhaka, was the scene of numerous massacres, including the Dhaka University massacre. Sectarian violence also broke out between Bengalis and Urdu-speaking Biharis. An estimated 10 million Bengali refugees fled to neighboring India, while 30 million
and Biharis opposed it and sided with the Pakistan Army instead. Pakistani president Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan ordered the Pakistani military to restore the Pakistani government's authority, beginning the civil war. The war led a substantial number of refugees (estimated at the time to be about 10 million) to flood India's eastern provinces. Facing a mounting humanitarian and economic crisis, India actively aided and organized the Bangladeshi resistance army, the Mukti Bahini. In 1948, Governor-General Muhammad Ali Jinnah declared that
and Clarkson's pneumonia prior to the second series, led to the use of a travelling tent being dropped in favour of a more fixed location, resulting in studio segments being filmed on the outskirts of Chipping Norton for the second and third series. These live-audience segments act as breaks between pre-recorded films, much like in Top Gear, and operated on a similar format. Throughout all three series, the presenters often used a discussion period on various topics within a segment
and Collection Action Rights", Workplace Fairness Labor Notes magazine A History of Labor Unions from Colonial Times to 2009, from the Mises Institute
and Cox's Bazar. India also launched an amphibious assault, Operation Beaver, near Cox's Bazar on 14 December 1971 due to unfounded fears of a Pakistani retreat into Burma, Led by "Romeo Force" with 1/3 Gorkha Rifles, the landing failed–only 12 Indian troops managing to disembark out of a battalion, the area was held by Pakistani regular troops. Pakistan countered the threat by sending the submarine PNS Ghazi, which sank off the coast of Visakhapatnam, due to an internal explosion, though
and Cynthia L. Chamberlin, published in the Southern California Quarterly, by the UCLA Center for the Study of Latino Health and Culture about the origin of the observance of Cinco de Mayo in the United States, the modern American focus on that day first started in California in 1863 in response to the resistance to French rule in Mexico. "Far up in the gold country town of Columbia (now Columbia State Park) Mexican miners were so overjoyed at the news
and Dublin. In the most recent development, Sacred Harp singing has expanded beyond the limits of English-speaking countries to mainland Europe. In 2008 a singing community was established in Poland (which hosted the first Camp Fasola Europe in September 2012). In Germany there are regular weekly or monthly singings in Bremen, Hamburg, Berlin, Cologne and Munich, most of them with their own annual All-Day singings. Elsewhere in Germany, singers meet irregularly in Frankfurt, Gießen and Nürnberg. Recently groups have started
and German; the Court of Justice uses French as the working language, and the European Central Bank conducts its business primarily in English. Even though language policy is the responsibility of member states, EU institutions promote multilingualism among its citizens. The most widely spoken language in the EU is English; the language is spoken by 50 per cent of the population and studied by 95 per cent of school students, although following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom only 2%
and Hagrid have all been removed, as well as the conversations Scorpius has with Polly Chapman and Draco in the Dark World. The St Oswald's location has been replaced with Amos Diggory's private residence, and the character of Lily Potter Jnr is now only mentioned in the show. The one-part version also makes Albus and Scorpius's relationship more explicitly romantic. Rose is a platonic friend to Scorpius rather than a love interest, and when Harry and Albus visit Cedric's grave,
and I can show you what can Pakistan do as a great nation of the Islamic world." During his rule from 1969 to 1971, Mian Tufail Mohammad, a prominent leader of the Jamaat-e-Islami, the country's main Islamist party, hailed Yahya as "the champion of Islam", as there was a general view among Islamists that he would fight leftist elements of the country (the Pakistan People's Party in West Pakistan and the All-Pakistan Awami League in what was East Pakistan and
and Iran boosted their ties by maintaining the warmth in the relationship without taking into account the pressures from international actors. On Iran's nuclear program and its own relations with Iran, Pakistan adopted a policy of neutrality and played a subsequent non-belligerent role in easing the tension in the region. Since 2006, Pakistan has been strategically advising Iran on multiple occasions to counter the international pressure on its nuclear program to subsequently work on civil nuclear power, instead of an
and Italy announce that they have arrested more than 165 people on money laundering charges related to cocaine trafficking. Pakistan International Airlines Flight 268 crashes into a mountain while on approach to Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu, Nepal. All 167 occupants on board were killed. The crash of PIA Flight 268 occurred just 2 months after Thai Airways International Flight 311 crashed into a mountain near Kathmandu under similar circumstances, killing all 113 occupants on board. September 29 – The
and Jean Sievers, to schedule shows that would include the live debut of Smile. On May 22, while in London to accept an Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement, it was announced that Wilson and his band would perform a live interpretation of Smile in February 2004 at the Royal Festival Hall. Parks, who had attended the Radio City Music Hall concert, was not originally contacted about the planned concerts and learned of them through the press. The announcement generated
and Jewel are among the performers. July 15–20 – The second Yoyo A Go Go punk and indie rock festival opens in Olympia, Washington. August 3 – The Black Crowes perform their last show with Johnny Colt and Marc Ford. August 4 – Nigerian afrobeat pioneer and dissident pop star Fela Anikulapo-Kuti dies in Lagos, Nigeria, of HIV-related illness. August 7 – Garth Brooks performs to an estimated 800,000 to one million people during a free concert given in Central
and Lopez became close friends. In 1993, Reverend Benny Newton died of leukemia. Sunset on the first evening of the riots was at 7:36 p.m. The first call reporting a fire came in soon after, at approximately 7:45 p.m. Police did not return in force to Florence and Normandie until 8:30 p.m. Numerous factors were later blamed for the severity of rioting in the 77th Street Division on the evening of April 29. These included: No effort made to close
and Normandie which was broadcast live by television news pilot and reporter Zoey Tur and her camera operator Marika Gerrard. In part because of extensive media coverage of the Los Angeles riots, smaller but similar riots and other anti-police actions took place in other cities throughout the United States. The Emergency Broadcast System was also utilized during the rioting. On Nightline, Ted Koppel initially only interviewed Black leaders about the Black/Korean conflict, and they shared detrimental opinions about Korean Americans.
and Orchestra Henri Dutilleux The Shadows of Time, for three children's voices and orchestra Slava's Fanfare, for spatial ensemble Lorenzo Ferrero Capriccio for piano and string orchestra Concerto for violin, cello, piano and orchestra Storie di neve, music for the Sestriere Alpine World Ski Championships opening ceremony of 1997 Championship Suite, for large orchestra Three Baroque Buildings Andrew Glover – The Fickle Virgin of Seventeen Summers: A Quartet for Strings Sofia Gubaidulina – The Canticle of the Sun Jaakko Mäntyjärvi
and Paramount. Looting and vandalism had also gone as far south as Los Angeles regions of the Harbor Area in the neighborhoods of San Pedro, Wilmington, and Harbor City. Koreatown is a roughly 2.7 square-mile (7 square kilometer) neighborhood between Hoover Street and Western Avenue, and 3rd Street and Olympic Boulevard, west of MacArthur Park and east of Hancock Park/Windsor Square. Korean immigrants had begun settling in the Mid-Wilshire area in the 1960s after the passage of the Immigration and
and Poland (both 3.4 per cent), and the highest in Spain (10.61 per cent in 2024) and Greece (9.6 per cent in November 2024). The European Union has long sought to mitigate the effects of free markets by protecting workers' rights and preventing social and environmental dumping. To this end, it has adopted laws establishing minimum employment and environmental standards. These included the Working Time Directive and the Environmental Impact Assessment Directive. The European Directive about Minimum Wage, which looks
and Rybicki noted appealing environments. However, Miller, Villoria, and MacDonald criticized bland, blocky visuals, jagged polygons, and framerate issues, especially during Quidditch. Slowdown and camera problems further hampered the experience for Conrad, Rybicki, and EGM's Shane Bettenhausen. The spell-casting mechanic was a relative strength, with Conrad and Miller praising its unique, context-sensitive system and progression, which Miller claimed would make players feel like apprentice wizards. Rybicki also appreciated the variety of spells. However, Villoria noted the spell-casting sequences were forgettable.
and Saturday in the cities of Long Beach and Fresno. By the end of Friday night, all the remaining smaller riots were completely quelled. On the fourth day, 3,500 federal troops – 2,000 soldiers of the 7th Infantry Division from Fort Ord and 1,500 Marines of the 1st Marine Division from Camp Pendleton – arrived to reinforce the National Guard soldiers already in the city. The Marine Corps contingent included the 1st Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion, commanded by John F.
and Spiceworld have amassed enough sales for one out of every two people in Britain to own a Spice Girls album. November 4 – Shania Twain releases her album Come On Over which goes on to sell over 40 million copies worldwide to date and later became the biggest selling album in country music history and the biggest selling album by a female music artist. November 6 – The Spice Girls make the decision to take over the running of
and Villains" as a single; its mixed critical and commercial reception further strained Wilson's morale, with biographers citing it as a factor in his professional and psychological decline. He later acknowledged that upholding his industry reputation "was a really big thing for me" and that he had grown weary of demands to produce "great orchestral stuff all the time". Beginning with Smiley Smile (September 1967), the band shifted recording operations to Wilson's studio, where they worked intermittently until 1972. The
and Western Yugur. Korean is spoken natively along the border with North Korea. Sarikoli, the language of Tajiks in China, is an Indo-European language. Taiwanese indigenous peoples, including a small population on the mainland, speak Austronesian languages. Standard Chinese, a variety based on the Beijing dialect of Mandarin, is the national language of China, having de facto official status. It is used as a lingua franca between people of different linguistic backgrounds. In the autonomous regions of China, other languages
and a federation, but has not formally defined itself as either. (It does not have a formal constitution: its status is defined by the Treaty of European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union). It is more integrated than a traditional confederation of states because the general level of government widely employs qualified majority voting in some decision-making among the member states, rather than relying exclusively on unanimity. The EU is less integrated than a federal
and a seller. A buyer pays to acquire a certain good or service, while a seller offers goods or services for money or barter exchange. There can be single or multiple buyers and single or multiple sellers in an auction. If just one seller and one buyer are participating, the process is not considered to be an auction. The forward auction is the most common type of auction — a seller offers item(s) for sale and expects the highest price.
and adopted on 14 December 2020, the instrument is worth €750 billion. NGEU will operate from 2021 to 2026, and will be tied to the regular 2021–2027 budget of the EU's Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF). The comprehensive NGEU and MFF packages are projected to reach €1824.3 billion. Preparing the EU for a new great enlargement is one of its political priorities, with the goal of achieving 35 member states by 2030. Institutional and budgetary reforms are being discussed in order
and agrees on both goals and tactics such as falsecards, as if the cards were visible and they discussed those points. Double dummy problem A bridge problem presented for entertainment or teaching, in which the solver is presented with all four hands and is asked to determine the course of play that will achieve or defeat a particular contract. Double-elimination tournament, or double elimination Double knockout. Double finesse A finesse for two missing cards. Double into game To double a
and based on total IMP differences, so as to reduce the effect of very large swings. Vienna coup The unblock of a winner opposite a threat prior to reaching a position that effects a squeeze. Vienna System A bidding system devised by Austrian player Paul Stern in the 1930s, in which an opening bid of 1NT is artificial and shows a strong hand. View An assumption about how the cards lie on a particular deal: "Sorry, partner, I took a
and basically surrendered". Mike Love stated his willingness to reunite the Beach Boys with Wilson but remarked that "Brian usually has someone in his life who tells him what to do. And now that person kinda wants to keep him away from us. I don't know why. You'd have to ask her, I guess." When asked if he still considered himself a Beach Boy, Wilson responded, "No. Maybe a little bit." Debate persisted among fans over whether Wilson fully consented
and began to promote it. It grew in popularity and evolved into a celebration of Mexican culture and heritage, first in areas with large Mexican-American populations, like Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, New York, followed by Cleveland, Boston, Indianapolis, Raleigh, Dallas, San Antonio, Washington, D.C., Atlanta, Miami, Orlando, Denver, Phoenix, Philadelphia, Tucson, San Francisco, San Jose, and San Diego. In a 1998 study in the Journal of American Culture it was reported that there were more than 120 official US celebrations
and changed her name to Carol Connors. Among her credits are the Rip Chords hit "Hey Little Cobra", and the Academy Awards nominated Rocky theme song, "Gonna Fly Now", co-written with Ayn Robbins. Leib joined the Hollywood Argyles, played guitar on some of Duane Eddy's records and produced material recorded by the Everly Brothers amongst others. The Teddy Bears Sing! (1959) Teddy Bears biography & discography Teddy Bears at AllMusic.
and civil society groups generally characterize the creation of the IBES as an example of "incremental change" rather than comprehensive reform (Dionyssis G. Dimitrakopoulos, Chapter 9, pp. 192-193). Civil society organizations, such as Transparency International, have criticized the final agreement as "toothless" due to its inability to independently investigate or sanction the EU institutions (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 11). Similarly, legal scholars point out that the body lacks investigative powers and the capacity to apply ethical
and coins replaced national currencies in 12 of the member states. Since then, the eurozone has increased to encompass 21 countries. The euro currency became the second-largest reserve currency in the world. In 2004, the EU saw its biggest enlargement to date when Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia joined the union. In 2007, Bulgaria and Romania became EU members. Later that year, Slovenia adopted the euro, followed by Cyprus and Malta in
and composed of the senior justices of the Supreme Court of Pakistan. The War Enquiry Commission was mandated with carrying out thorough investigations into the intelligence, strategic, political and military failures that causes the defeat in the war. The War Commission also looked into Pakistan's political and military involvement in the history of East Pakistan that encompasses 1947–71. Written in moral and philosophical perspective, the First Report was lengthy and provided accounts that were unpalatable to be released to the
and contributors to journalist Domenic Priore's Smile-focused fanzine, The Dumb Angel Gazette. In 1995, Wilson reteamed with Parks for the collaborative album Orange Crate Art, provoking speculation of an imminent Smile release, however, Wilson indicated a greater interest in completing a then-forthcoming collaboration with musician Andy Paley. That year, Paley invited Wilson to a concert at the Morgan-Wixon Theater in Los Angeles, a show which featured the Wondermints performing "Surf's Up". After the concert, Wilson remarked to Paley, "If I'd
and cotton. Ure agrees, saying that not only is each senator now free to ignore his state's interests, senators "have incentive to use their advice-and-consent powers to install Supreme Court justices who are inclined to increase federal power at the expense of state sovereignty". Over the first half of the 20th century, with a popularly elected Senate confirming nominations, both Republican and Democratic, the Supreme Court began to apply the Bill of Rights to the states, overturning state laws whenever
and culturally separate areas to the east and the west, with India in between. The western zone was popularly (and, for a period, also officially) termed West Pakistan and the eastern zone (modern-day Bangladesh) was initially termed East Bengal and later East Pakistan. Although the two zones' population was close to equal, political power was concentrated in West Pakistan, and it was widely perceived that East Pakistan was being exploited economically, leading to many grievances. Administration of two non-contiguous territories
and dependencies), as an inescutcheon on the diplomatic flags of British Ambassadors, and on The London Gazette. It is also used in the British Overseas Territories, namely on all acts of the Anguilla House of Assembly and by the administrations of Akrotiri and Dhekelia, the Pitcairn Islands, and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. The Scotland Office and the Advocate General for Scotland use the Scottish version of the arms, again without the helm or crest. The simplified Scottish
and drones Iran launched into its territory the prior day. Later that day, Pakistan claimed responsibility for a series of explosions in a village within the Sistan-Baluchistan province, which borders Pakistan. Like Iran, Pakistan claimed to be targeting terrorists, specifically Baluchi militant groups. In late 2024, both countries agreed to work together to put down the Baloch Insurgency. On 5 November 2024, a joint military operation between Pakistan and Iran killed 12 Jaysh al-Adl militants, including Salahuddin Farooqui, the group's
and duties" of the presidency (that is, the "Powers and Duties [...] shall devolve upon" the vice president). It also fails to define inability or to say how questions about inability are to be resolved. The Twenty-fifth Amendment addresses these deficiencies. The ambiguities in Article II, Section 1, Clause 6 of the Constitution regarding death, resignation, removal, or disability of the president created difficulties several times: In 1841, William Henry Harrison died in office. It had previously been suggested that
and ended its association with the United States. Iran and Pakistan had religiously influenced leaders, with Khomeini being a Shia Muslim while Zia being a Sunni Muslim. Despite Shia–Sunni divisions, the common desire for a pan-Islamic identity became an important factor in shaping new Iranian–Pakistani relations. On 11 April 1979, General Zia famously declared that "Khomeini is a symbol of Islamic insurgence". Reciprocating Zia-ul-Haq's sentiments, Khomeini, in a letter, called for Muslim unity. He declared: "Ties with Pakistan are based
and exhaustion. Associates often cite late 1966 as a turning point, coinciding with erratic behavior during sessions for the track "Fire" (or "Mrs. O'Leary's Cow"). In April 1967, Wilson and his wife relocated to a newly purchased mansion on 10452 Bellagio Road in Bel Air. There, Wilson began constructing a personal home studio. By this time, most of his recent associates had departed or been excluded from his life. In May, Derek Taylor announced that Smile had been "scrapped". Wilson
and fitness. Although the Beach Boys became known for surfing imagery, his compositions with collaborators outside the band typically avoided this subject matter. Unlike his contemporaries, social issues were never referenced in his lyrics. In his 2008 book Dark Mirror: The Pathology of the Singer-Songwriter, Donald Brackett identifies Wilson as "the Carl Sandburg and Robert Frost of popular music—deceptively simple, colloquial in phrasing, with a spare and evocative lyrical style embedded in the culture that created it". Brackett opined that
and geography, as well as many others. Among the most significant early works are the I Ching and the Shujing, which are part of the Four Books and Five Classics. These texts were the cornerstone of the Confucian curriculum sponsored by the state throughout the dynastic periods. Inherited from the Classic of Poetry, classical Chinese poetry developed to its floruit during the Tang dynasty. Li Bai and Du Fu opened the forking ways for the poetic circles through romanticism and
and his unavailability was such that his image had to be superimposed into the group portrait included in the record sleeve. During the summer of 1972, Wilson joined his bandmates when they temporarily relocated to Holland after persistent persuasion. Residing in a Dutch house known as "Flowers" and repeatedly listening to Randy Newman's album Sail Away, he was inspired to write a fairy tale, Mount Vernon and Fairway, drawing on memories of listening to the radio at Mike Love's family
and in June, he was among the featured guests on the charity single "The Spirit of the Forest". By 1990, he was estranged from the Beach Boys, with his bandmates scheduling recording sessions without him and twice rejecting his offers to produce an album, according to Brother Records president Elliot Lott. After a conservatorship suit filed by his family in May 1991, Wilson and Landy's partnership was dissolved in December, followed by a restraining order. Throughout the 1990s, Wilson was
and includes deep trade ties but significant political differences. Since the early 2000s, China has followed a policy of engaging with African nations for trade and bilateral co-operation. It maintains extensive and highly diversified trade links with the European Union, and became its largest trading partner for goods. China is increasing its influence in Central Asia and South Pacific. The country has strong trade ties with ASEAN countries and major South American economies, and is the largest trading partner of
and is recorded as the second largest single sale of enslaved people in U.S. history — with 436 men, women and children being sold. During the American Civil War, goods seized by armies were sold at auction by the Colonel of the division. Thus, some of today's auctioneers in the U.S. carry the unofficial title of "colonel". Tobacco auctioneers in the southern United States in the late 19th century had a style that mixed traditions of 17th century England with
and issued through the Home Office on 2 August 1924 and registered in the Register of Arms in Dublin as follows: Royal Warrant Government of Northern Ireland Argent a cross gules, overall on a six pointed star of the field ensigned by an Imperial crown proper a dexter hand couped at the wrist of the second. Given at our Court of St. James in the 15th year of our reign 2nd August 1924 by His Majesty's command. The supporters were
and its 1954 film version influenced the amendment's drafters. John D. Feerick told The Washington Post in 2018 that the film was a "live depiction" of the type of crisis that could arise "if a president ever faced questions about physical or mental inabilities but disagreed completely with the judgment", a situation the Constitution did not address. Lawmakers drafting the amendment intentionally omitted any wording that the vice president or other officials could exploit to depose the president merely by
and keeper for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Professor Quirrell is a twitching, stammering, and nervous man who teaches Defence Against the Dark Arts. Reputedly he was a brilliant scholar, but his nerve was shattered by an encounter with vampires. Quirrell wears a turban to conceal the fact that he is voluntarily possessed by Voldemort, whose face appears on the back of Quirrell's head. Professor Severus Snape, who has a hooked nose, sallow complexion, and greasy black hair, teaches Potions, but
and launched a full-scale invasion of East Pakistan. This involved Indian forces in coordinated air, sea and land assaults. The main Indian objective on the eastern front was to capture Dacca, and on the western front to contain Pakistani forces. The Indian army was better equipped than the Pakistanis and enjoyed significant numerical superiority over them. Pakistan launched a ground offensive on the western front. Major ground attacks were concentrated on the western border by the Pakistan Army but the
and made A game bonus is received at the end of each deal for any game contract bid and made Contract points are awarded for each odd trick bid and made. Their values depend on the suit (or notrump) and whether the contract is doubled or redoubled; they are not affected by vulnerability. Tricks won beyond that necessary to fulfill the contract are referred to as overtricks and their scoring points are accounted for separately because their values are dependent
and maintains embassies in 174. As of 2024, China has the largest diplomatic networks of any country in the world. China is of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. It is a member of intergovernmental organizations including the G20, the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, the BRICS, the East Asia Summit, and the APEC. China is also a former member and leader of the Non-Aligned Movement and still considers itself an advocate for developing countries. China is widely
and make it sound ... Now one may strike the tongue with the index finger in two ways, i.e., by lifting it or lowering it: but it is easier to strike it by raising it, which is why the extremity, C, is slightly curved, so that the finger is not injured ... Many people play this instrument. When the tongue is made to vibrate, a buzzing is heard which imitates that of bees, wasps, and flies ... [if one uses]
and making the postseason, San Francisco won in the Wild Card Round against the Philadelphia Eagles 14–0 with Rice scoring a touchdown, but lost to the Green Bay Packers in the Divisional Round, as the 49ers were unable to gain any ground with their offense, with only 196 yards of total offense. Through 1994 and 1996, Rice racked up 342 catches for 4,601 yards and 36 touchdowns. Before the 1997 season, Rice signed a seven-year, $32 million contract. During the
and mannerisms, leading to inferences regarding their holdings and problems on a deal. It is improper to take action on inferences made on the basis of partner's behavior. Also, "Table feel." Table talk 1) Improper communication between partners, effected by words, gestures, or facial expressions. 2) Extraneous discussion during the play, discouraged as a distraction or possible source of unauthorized information. Takeout double A conventional call used in a competitive auction to indicate support for the unbid suits in a
and militaristic against East Pakistan and India when the Pakistani news media reported the complexity of the situation in the East, though the reactions from Pakistan's news media pundits were mixed. By the end of September 1971, a propaganda campaign, possibly orchestrated by elements within the government of Pakistan, resulted in stickers endorsing "Crush India" becoming a standard feature on the rear windows of vehicles in Rawalpindi, Islamabad and Lahore; this soon spread to the rest of West Pakistan. By
and near the city of Paris, in France. The European Common Aviation Area (ECAA) is a single market in aviation. ECAA agreements were signed on 5 May 2006 in Salzburg, Austria between the EU and some third countries. The ECAA liberalises the air transport industry by allowing any company from any ECAA member state to fly between any ECAA member states airports, thereby allowing a "foreign" airline to provide domestic flights. The Single European Sky (SES) is an initiative that
and next to India, has been the largest importer of Russian crude oil in 2022. China is the second-largest country by land area after Russia, and the third- or fourth-largest country by total area. China's total area is generally stated as being approximately 9,600,000 km2 (3,700,000 sq mi). Specific area figures range from 9,572,900 km2 (3,696,100 sq mi) according to the Encyclopædia Britannica, to 9,596,961 km2 (3,705,407 sq mi) according to the UN Demographic Yearbook, and The World Factbook. China
and no higher ranking 4+ card suit to bid. So the hand could be unbalanced. Eastern Scientific A bidding style that developed in the Eastern United States, particularly the New York region. It is characterized by five-card majors with a forcing one "notrump" response and limit raises, strong notrump with Jacoby transfers, and strong (but not game forcing) two-over-one responses. Eau de cologne (Slang, chiefly British) A hand with 7–4–1–1 distribution, from the cologne brand 4711. EBL European Bridge League,
and non-cooperation, the Pakistani military, led by Lieutenant-General Tikka Khan, cracked down on Dhaka on the night of 25 March 1971. The government outlawed the Awami League, which forced many of its members and sympathisers to seek refuge in Eastern India. Mujib was arrested that night at about 1:30 am (as per Radio Pakistan's news on 29 March) and taken to West Pakistan. Operation Searchlight, followed by Operation Barisal, which attempted to kill the intellectual elite of the east. On
and not the people'". Major-General Rao Farman wrote in his table diary: "Green land of East Pakistan will be painted red," which has been interpreted to mean that he planned to massacre Bengalis. Farman said the entry was not expressing a thirst for blood, but concern that East Pakistan's future could be the red flag of Communism. Major reforms were carried out by successive governments in Pakistan after the war. To address the economic disparity, the National Finance Commission system
and often the seller, may have to pay additional fees, "premiums", and taxes on top of this amount. Increment – a minimum amount by which a new bid must exceed the previous bid. An auctioneer may decrease the increment when it appears that bidding on an item may stop, so as to get a higher hammer price. Alternatively, a participant may offer a bid at a smaller increment, which the auctioneer has the discretion to accept or reject. Thumb Auction
and oil. Iran is extending its railway network towards Taftan. Trade between the two countries has increased by £1.4 billion in 2009. In 2007–08, annual Pakistan merchandise trade with Iran consisted of $256 million in imports and $218.6 million in export, according to WTO. On 12 January 2001, Pakistan and Iran formed a "Pakistan-Iran Joint Business Council" (PIJB) body on trade disputes. The body works on to encourage the privatization in Pakistan and economic liberalization on both sides of the
and on August 20 Ford nominated former New York governor Nelson Rockefeller. Rockefeller was confirmed by the Senate and the House on December 10 and 19, respectively, and sworn in on December 19. Feerick writes that the Twenty-fifth Amendment helped pave the way for Nixon's resignation during the Watergate scandal. Nixon and Agnew were Republicans, and in the months immediately after Agnew resigned, with the vice presidency empty, Nixon's removal or resignation would have transferred the presidential powers to House
and one fumble recovery) are 33 scores ahead of Emmitt Smith's second-place total of 175. His 22,895 career receiving yards are 5,403 yards ahead of the second-place Larry Fitzgerald. His 1,256 career points scored make him the highest-scoring non-kicker in NFL history. Many of these records are considered by sports analysts to be unbreakable. During a career spanning two decades, Rice averaged 75.6 receiving yards per game. He received MVP votes in six out of his 20 seasons, finishing as
and one half of those who were arrested in the riots were Latino; between 20 and 40 percent of the businesses that were looted were owned by Latinos. Hispanics were considered a minority despite their increasing numbers, so they lacked political support and were poorly represented. This lack of social and political representation obscured acknowledgment of their participation in the riots. Many who lived in the area were new immigrants, not yet able to speak English. Almost as soon as
and one tried to slice his ear off. After Lopez lost consciousness, the crowd spray-painted his chest, torso, and genitals black. He was eventually rescued by Black Reverend Bennie Newton, who told the rioters: "Kill him, and you have to kill me too." Lopez survived the attack, but it took him years to fully recover and re-establish his business. Newton and Lopez became close friends. In 1993, Reverend Benny Newton died of leukemia. Sunset on the first evening of the
and only the highest wins the auction. The intent is to make the high bidders bid above their upper limits. In the final rounds of bidding, when the current losing party has hit their maximum bid, they are encouraged to bid over their maximum (seen as a small loss) to avoid losing their maximum bid with no return (a very large loss). Another variation of all-pay auction, the top-up auction is primarily used for charity events. Losing bidders must pay
and originated as Protestant music. The contemporary Sacred Harp tradition includes singers and events in the American South (the historic locus of Sacred Harp singing) but also across the United States as well as several other countries, particularly the UK and Germany. The name of the tradition comes from the title of the shape-note book from which the music is sung, The Sacred Harp. This book exists today in various editions, discussed below. In shape-note music, notes are printed in
and other civilians. Numerous women were tortured, raped, and killed during the war; the exact numbers are not known and are debated. The widespread rape of Bangladeshi women led to birth of thousands of war babies. The Pakistan Army also kept numerous Bengali women as sex slaves inside the Dacca Cantonment. Most were captured from Dacca University and private homes. There was significant sectarian violence not only perpetrated and encouraged by the Pakistani army, but also by Bengali nationalists against
and play in a clockwise direction around the table. Roth–Stone A bidding system popular in the U.S. during the 1960s. It features sound opening bids, five-card majors and negative doubles. It is the principal foundation for 2/1 Game Forcing. Round In the bidding, a sequence of four consecutive calls. In duplicate bridge, a set of boards leading to another round (e.g., the semi-final round), or a set of boards that two pairs play against one another. Of a control, the
and portray a stereotypical redneck accent and viewpoints alongside scripted character traits, the poor reception to his involvement led to him being replaced by British racing driver Abbie Eaton for the second and third series. Studio segments were primarily filmed within a large studio tent that could house an audience of around 300, with the presenters sat around a trestle table and the audience seated in front of them. Initially, the first series involved these segments being filmed within a
and procedures of a currency union, the member states signed the Maastricht Treaty and were legally bound to fulfil the agreed-on rules including the convergence criteria if they wanted to join the monetary union. The states wanting to participate had first to join the European Exchange Rate Mechanism. To prevent the joining states from getting into financial trouble or crisis after entering the monetary union, they were obliged in the Maastricht treaty to fulfil important financial obligations and procedures, especially
and protests, largely Latino-led, have been more focused and less destructive. Domanick highlighted the unique position of Latino officers—many with immigrant roots—caught between community and federal authority, reflecting the evolving racial and political landscape since the 1992 uprising. Democratic presidential candidate Bill Clinton said that the violence resulted from the breakdown of economic opportunities and social institutions in the inner city. He also berated both major political parties for failing to address urban issues, especially the Republican Administration for its
and resided primarily at their home through 1963 and 1964. The group's fourth single "He's a Doll", released in April 1964, exemplified his attempts to become an entrepreneurial producer like Spector. Wilson was first officially credited as the Beach Boys' producer on their album Surfer Girl, recorded in June and July 1963 and released that September. This LP reached number seven on the national charts, with similarly successful singles. He also produced the car-themed album Little Deuce Coupe, released just
and reverse auctions. A Walrasian auction or Walrasian tâtonnement is a double auction in which the auctioneer takes bids from both buyers and sellers in a market of multiple goods. The auctioneer progressively either raises or drops the current proposed price depending on the bids of both buyers and sellers, the auction concluding when supply and demand exactly balance. As a high price tends to dampen demand while a low price tends to increase demand, in theory there is a
and second seasons in a "Collector's Edition" DVD set on November 24, 2020 in the United States. In 2022, Sony Pictures released the third season in January and the fourth in September, both in the United States. Sony Pictures released the fifth season in September 2023 in the United States. Sony Pictures will release the sixth and final season and the complete series on Blu-ray in March 2026 in the United States. Key = Available only on DVD = Available
and senior teams. Sometimes the USBC winner and runner-up both qualify, as teams "USA1" and "USA2". USBF United States Bridge Federation, the association charged with national representation of the United States in international competition. Contrast ACBL. Useful space principle A guide to developing bidding conventions and treatments that directs developers' attention to the allocation of bidding space. VCB Variable Cue Bidding. Agreements used in the Ultimate Club to request and show controls. Vanderbilt Club A bidding system devised by Harold
and set numerous rookie wide receiver and franchise records. Nabers was born on July 28, 2003, in Lafayette, Louisiana. He attended Ovey Comeaux High School before transferring to Southside High School in Youngsville, Louisiana, for his senior year. He was unable to play football his senior year due to his transfer waiver being denied. In his final season of playing high school football, he led the state of Louisiana with 58 receptions for 1,223 yards and 21 touchdowns. Nabers originally
and so is played to unblock. There are other situations that require unblocking, such as the Vienna coup. Under See In front of. Underbid 1) (Verb) To bid less aggressively, or to a lower contract, than most would with the same cards. 2) (Noun) A bid that most would regard as weaker than warranted by the strength of the hand. Underlead To lead a low card when holding the top card or cards in a suit. The underlead is standard
and stamps, which were in place since the British Raj. The movement reached its climax in 1952, when on 21 February, the police fired on protesting students and civilians, causing several deaths. The day is revered in Bangladesh as the Language Movement Day. In memory of the deaths, UNESCO declared 21 February International Mother Language Day in November 1999. Although East Pakistan had the larger population, West Pakistan dominated the divided country politically and received more money from the common
and suits are dealt in long and short holdings. Long and short holdings constitute "lots of distribution" and three-card holdings in particular constitute "no distribution". Specific. Either way, four whole numbers that sum to 13 are commonly used to denote a distribution briefly, such as 4333 or 4–3–3–3 for a hand comprising one four-card suit and three three-card suits; or for a suit with one four-card holding and three three-card holdings in the four hands. Also 22 or 2–2 for
and sweeping grandeur". Krutika Malikarjuna of TV Guide argued that the public is attracted to the royals' celebrity and star power, and said: "The brilliance of this framing becomes clear as the show evolves into The Real Housewives of Buckingham." Sophie Gilbert wrote for The Atlantic that the portrayal of a monarch who "would rather be living any other life" is "riveting", and that it is "gorgeously shot, with flawless re-creations of everything from the Throne Room in Buckingham Palace
and taking into account the result of the European elections, and is then elected by the European Parliament. The President retains, as the leader responsible for the entire cabinet, the final say in accepting or rejecting a candidate submitted for a given portfolio by a member state, and oversees the commission's permanent civil service. After the President, the most prominent commissioner is the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy, who is ex-officio a vice-president of
and taking tricks. Trick scores count toward making a game. Triple squeeze A squeeze that is so-named because it consists of three simple squeezes against the same opponent. A Progressive squeeze is regarded as a triple squeeze (because it is initiated by one), but not all triple squeezes are progressive. Tripleton A holding of three cards in a suit. Trump 1) (Noun) A card in the trump suit whose trick-taking power is greater than any plain suit card. 2) (Verb)
and the Giants leading 2–1 in the ninth inning, Wilson struck out Kazuo Matsui in a 15-pitch at bat to end the game. The next day, against Houston with runners on first and second, two outs, and the Giants leading 4–3 in the ninth, Wilson retired Matsui to end the game. On June 12, Wilson entered in the eighth inning with one out, the bases loaded, and the Giants leading the Oakland Athletics 5–4. Wilson struck out Adam Rosales and
and the Philosopher's Stone, were a runaway success despite inadequate and poorly organised marketing. Brown advised marketing executives to be less preoccupied with rigorous statistical analyses and the "analysis, planning, implementation, and control" model of management. Instead he recommended that they should treat the stories as "a marketing masterclass", full of enticing products and brand names. For example, a real-world analogue of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans was introduced under licence in 2000 by toymaker Hasbro. Gunelius, Susan (2008). Harry
and the Sorcerer's Stone (PlayStation) Instruction Booklet. Electronic Arts. 2001. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (PlayStation) at MobyGames
and the advertised price range. Subsequently, the auction systems' lack of transparency about the value of the property was brought into question, with estate agents and their vendor clients being accused of "under-quoting". Significant attention was given to the matter by the Australian media, with the government in Victoria eventually bowing to pressure and implementing changes to legislation in an effort to increase transparency. In the UK, historically, auction houses were perceived to sell properties which may have been repossessed
and the area of the Indus River (known to the Persians as Hind) at its height, conquered the regions comprising modern-day Pakistani provinces of Balochistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa during the reign of Darius I. Imperial Iran maintained close relations with Pakistan during the Cold War, partly owing to their mutual alliance with the United States-led Western Bloc. Iran was the first country to recognize Pakistan as an independent state, and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was the first head of any
and the circumstances of their deaths remained under investigation. The Pakistani Embassy in Tehran cooperated with Iranian authorities to repatriate the bodies. The incident followed the series of cross-border tensions between Iran and Jaish al-Adl militants inside Pakistan, and between Pakistan and the Baloch Liberation Front and Army within Iran. Both militant groups operate in the restive, underdeveloped, and resource-rich border regions of Pakistan's Balochistan and Iran's Sistan-Baluchestan. Due to international sanctions and poor infrastructure in border areas, the potential
and the development of military capabilities, and provides the Political and Security Committee with military advice and recommendations on military issues. In an EU consisting of 27 members, substantial security and defence co-operation is increasingly relying on collaboration among all member states. The European Border and Coast Guard Agency (Frontex) is an agency of the EU aiming to detect and stop illegal immigration, human trafficking and terrorist infiltration. The EU also operates the European Travel Information and Authorisation System, the
and the disguises cause Hermione to become suspicious of Viktor Krum, a Durmstrang student, and go to the Yule Ball with Ron instead. As a result, Ron never experiences the jealousy fundamental to his relationship with Hermione, and the two never marry. Ron instead falls in love with Padma Patil at the Ball, and Hermione becomes a frustrated professor at Hogwarts. Albus is now in Gryffindor. Meanwhile, Harry has nightmares about Voldemort. The centaur Bane tells Harry that a "dark
and the end of the Cultural Revolution, various forms of traditional Chinese art, literature, music, film, fashion and architecture have seen a vigorous revival, and folk and variety art in particular have sparked interest nationally and even worldwide. Chinese architecture has developed over millennia in China and has remained a vestigial source of perennial influence on the development of East Asian architecture, including in Japan, Korea, and Mongolia. and minor influences on the architecture of Southeast and South Asia including
and the price of a replacement purchase of the offered item in the auction, when the market is in equilibrium, even if the seller has not sold any of the items, the shadow of bidding still exists. This is the self-protection instinct of the auction market. In order to make this transaction fairer. Auction sniping is the practice of placing a bid at the last moment of the auction. According to the analysis of auction data from eBay, in general,
and their Future. Ramsbury, Marlborough: The Crowood Press Ltd. ISBN 978-1-84797-392-4. Hancock, David (2011). Sporting Terriers: Their Form, their Function and their Future. Ramsbury, Marlborough: The Crowood Press Ltd. ISBN 978-1-84797-303-0. Jackson, Stephen; Groves, Colin (2015). Taxonomy of Australian Mammals. CSIRO Publishing, Clayton, Victoria, Australia. ISBN 978-1-4863-0013-6. Mehus-Roe, Kristin (2005). The Original Dog Bible: The Definitive Source for All Things Dog. Irvine, CA: Bow Tie Press. ISBN 1-931993-34-3. Morris, Desmond (2001). Dogs: The Ultimate Dictionary of over 1,000 Dog Breeds.
and there seems little prospect that it will ever reunite under a single book. However, there have been no further splits. Both the Denson and the Cooper groups adopted traditionalist views for the particular form of Sacred Harp they favored, and these forms have now been stable for about a century. The strength of traditionalism can be seen in the front matter of the two hymnbooks. The Denson book is forthrightly Biblical in its defense of tradition: The Cooper book
and those internal battles are still playing out in the domestic politics of modern-day Bangladesh. To this day, the issue of committed atrocities and pogroms is an influential factor in the Bangladesh–Pakistan relations. In the aftermath of the war, the Pakistani Government constituted the War Enquiry Commission, to be headed by Chief Justice Hamoodur Rahman, who was an ethnic Bengali, and composed of the senior justices of the Supreme Court of Pakistan. The War Enquiry Commission was mandated with carrying
and through arousing populist sentiment. Most important was the populist argument; that there was a need to "Awaken, in the senators ... a more acute sense of responsibility to the people", which it was felt they lacked; election through state legislatures was seen as an anachronism that was out of step with the wishes of the American people, and one that had led to the Senate becoming "a sort of aristocratic body—too far removed from the people, beyond their reach,
and unethical attempt to locate a finessable card by revoking. If the play is unintentional, it is nevertheless subject to score adjustment. Alert A method of informing the opponents that partner's call carries a meaning they might not expect. Sponsoring organizations set rules on which calls must be alerted and how; any method of alerting may be authorized, such as saying "Alert", displaying an Alert card from a bidding box, or knocking on the table. Regardless whether a call is
and was cut off from many of his own friends and family. Between 1983 and 1986, Landy charged approximately $430,000 annually ($1.39 million in 2025). When he requested additional funds, Carl Wilson was obliged to allocate a quarter of Brian's publishing royalties. Landy gradually assumed the role of Wilson's creative and financial partner, eventually representing him at Brother Records, Inc. corporate meetings. Landy was accused of creating a Svengali-like environment by controlling every aspect of Wilson's life—including his musical direction.
and whether the contract was doubled or redoubled. The four players sit in two partnerships with players sitting opposite their partners. A cardinal direction is assigned to each seat, so that one partnership sits in North and South, while the other sits in West and East. The cards may be freshly dealt or, in duplicate bridge games, pre-dealt. All that is needed in basic games are the cards and a method of keeping score, but there is often other equipment
and willing to sign a bilateral agreement with Iran. China and Pakistan are already working on a proposal for laying a trans-Himalayan pipeline to carry Middle Eastern crude oil to western China. In August 2010, Iran invited Bangladesh to join the project. In February 2024, Pakistan approves construction of long-awaited Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline amid fear of penalty. Tehran has provided €50 million for laying of 170Km transmission lines for the import of 1000MW of electricity from Iran in 2009. Pakistan
anniversary of the accident. Dre resolves to train harder and help his teacher overcome his trauma. Han helps Dre write and recite an apology in Mandarin to Meiying's father. Meiying's father accepts Dre's apology and in return lets Meiying attend Dre's tournament as promised earlier on. At the tournament, the initially unconfident Dre starts defeating his opponents. Li orders his student Liang to injure Dre in the semifinals. Liang reluctantly does so by delivering crippling blows to Dre's leg. He
announce available items. In some cases, these catalogs were elaborate works of art themselves, containing considerable detail about the items being auctioned. At the time, Christie's established a reputation as a leading auction house, taking advantage of London's status as the major centre of the international art trade after the French Revolution. The Great Slave Auction took place in 1859 and is recorded as the second largest single sale of enslaved people in U.S. history — with 436 men, women
announce their 5-card heart suit before going to 3NT. Important distinction: Dawdling is part and parcel of the fast arrival style of bidding, and refers to the bids that are not fast; not to be confused with the slow arrival style of bidding. Dead A hand that has no card of entry, usually in reference to the dummy. A hand that has a suit consisting only of low cards of no significance. For example, two dead spades. Deal One particular
announced that Rice would sign a contract with them, allowing him to retire as a member of the team where his NFL career began. On August 24, he officially retired as a 49er, signing a one-day contract for $1,985,806.49. The number represented the year Rice was drafted (1985), his No. 80, the year he retired (2006), and the 49ers (49). The figure was ceremonial, and Rice received no money. A halftime ceremony honored him during the 49ers' match-up with the
announced that the jury had reached its verdict, which would be read in two hours' time. This was done to allow reporters and police and other emergency responders to prepare for the outcome, as unrest was feared if the officers were acquitted. The LAPD had activated its Emergency Operations Center, which the Webster Commission described as "the doors were opened, the lights turned on and the coffee pot plugged in", but taken no other preparatory action. Specifically, the people intended
announcement marked the eighteenth anniversary of the publication of the first Harry Potter novel, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, published on 26 June 1997. On announcing plans for the project, Rowling stated that the play would not be a prequel. In response to queries regarding the choice of a play rather than a new novel, Rowling stated that she "is confident that when audiences see the play they will agree that it is the only proper medium for the
announces "I am about to make a skip bid, please wait." and then bids. LHO waits 10 seconds. Slam 1) small slam (or simply, slam): a contract to win at least twelve tricks. 2) grand slam: a contract to win all thirteen tricks. Bidding and making a slam or grand slam scores significant bonus points. Slam try A bid that invites partner to bid a slam. Slot (Slang) The location of a card that is onside. "In the slot" means
announces that Harry's acts of nerve and courage have won Gryffindor enough points to win them the House Cup. On 10 August 2000, Electronic Arts announced that it had acquired the video game rights to the Harry Potter franchise. The license was showcased at E3 2001, with titles for the Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance, PlayStation, and the PC scheduled for November 2001. The PlayStation version was developed by Argonaut Games as an action-platform game which integrated a 3D
any card. The rank of the cards played determines which player wins the trick. Within each suit, the ace is ranked highest followed by the king, queen and jack and then the ten through to the two. In a deal in which the auction has determined that there is no trump suit, the trick is won by the highest-ranked card of the suit led; cards of suits other than that led cannot win. In a deal with a trump suit,
any change in congressional behavior. An unintended consequence of the amendment is that, unlike executive branch employees or Congressional staff, all members of Congress continue to get paid during a shutdown. The interpretation of a cease in pay for cease of work as a decrease in salary, which is prohibited by the amendment, has not been ruled upon. No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall
anymore, which is heartbreaking". In January 2024, Melinda Ledbetter died at their home. The following month, it was announced that Wilson had dementia and was placed under another conservatorship, which began in May 2024. He had completed two tracks as part of a forthcoming solo album produced by Joe Thomas and Jonathan Wilson (no relation) before the project was abandoned following Thomas' death that April. Wilson died in his sleep at his Beverly Hills home on June 11, 2025, at
appearances mainly were for a running gag involving them heading to meet the presenters in their tent for an interview, only to "die" in a freak accident. From the second series on, the studio tent was set up at a permanent location in the Cotswolds. In addition, unlike the first series, celebrities were more fully involved in the programme, taking part in a feature involving head-to-head timed laps between two guests in each episode, with the exception of the final
appeared on the flag and arms of Burundi, and the arms of Trinidad and Tobago depict the steelpan. Today, the image of the harp is used on the coins, passports and official seals of Ireland and is incorporated into the emblems of many bodies in Northern Ireland, such as the Police Service of Northern Ireland. The harp is frequently incorporated into the emblems of Irish companies, such as Guinness and Ryanair. It appears on the arms of countries with historical
application of EU law across the EU as a whole. The court also acts as an administrative and constitutional court between the other EU institutions and the Member States and can annul or invalidate unlawful acts of EU institutions, bodies, offices and agencies. The General Court is a constituent court of the European Union. It hears actions taken against the institutions of the European Union by individuals and member states, although certain matters are reserved for the Court of Justice.
applied for trade in diverse contexts. These contexts include antiques, paintings, rare collectibles, expensive wines, commodities, livestock, radio spectrum, used cars, real estate, online advertising, vacation packages, emission trading, and many more. The word "auction" is derived from auctus, the past participle of the Latin verb augeō, ("I increase"). Auctions have been recorded as early as 500 BC. According to Herodotus, in Babylon, auctions of women for marriage were held annually. The auctions began with the woman the auctioneer considered
applies in all member states in those matters, and only those matters, where the states have agreed to act as one. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services and capital within the internal market; enact legislation in justice and home affairs; and maintain common policies on trade, agriculture, fisheries, and regional development. Passport controls have been abolished for travel within the Schengen Area. The eurozone is a group composed of the 21 EU member states
appointments made by Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich and New York governor David Paterson. New interest was aroused in abolishing the provision for the Senate appointment by the governor. Accordingly, Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin and Representative David Dreier of California proposed an amendment to remove this power; senators John McCain and Dick Durbin became co-sponsors, as did Representative John Conyers. Some members of the Tea Party movement argued for repealing the Seventeenth Amendment entirely, claiming it would protect states' rights
approaches the Stone. He encounters Professor Quirrell, the Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor, who explains that he serves Voldemort and that it was he who jinxed Harry's broom; Snape was trying to save Harry during the match. Quirrell attempts to retrieve the Stone from the Mirror of Erised, but cannot figure out how. When Harry looks in the Mirror, he feels the Stone drop into his pocket. Quirrell then reveals that Voldemort has possessed his body, and shows Harry
approval rating, with an average score of 8 out of 10 based on 52 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads: "By pairing its emotional punches with stronger humor, Cobra Kai's third season finds itself in fine fighting form." On Metacritic with its weighted average, assigned a score of 72 out of 100, based on 15 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The fourth season had a positive response from critics. It received a 95% Rotten Tomatoes approval rating, with an average
aptitude for learning by ear. His father remembered how, after hearing only a few verses of "When the Caissons Go Rolling Along", the infant Wilson was able to reproduce its melody. Murry was a driving force in cultivating his children's musical talents. Wilson undertook six weeks of accordion lessons, and by ages seven and eight, he performed choir solos at church. His choir director declared him to have perfect pitch. Wilson owned an educational record titled The Instruments of the
are 'strong' (20+ points) or 'weak' (i.e., pre-emptive with a 6 card suit). (Note: an opening bid of 2♣ is usually played in otherwise natural systems as conventional, signifying any exceptionally strong hand) Whether the partnership will play Jacoby transfers (bids of 2♦ and 2♥ over 1NT or 3♦ and 3♥ over 2NT respectively require the 1NT or 2NT bidder to rebid 2♥ and 2♠ or 3♥ and 3♠), minor suit transfers (bids of 2♠ and either 2NT or 3♣
are able and choose to do so. As the name implies, the tunes in the Sacred Harp and related tunebooks are predominantly sacred music and originated as music sung by Protestant Christians (though the singing context derives from singing schools rather than church services). Many of the songs in the book are hymns that use words, meters, and stanzaic forms familiar from elsewhere in Protestant hymnody. However, many other Sacred Harp songs are quite different from mainstream hymns in their
are also the only EU countries that have power projection capabilities outside of Europe. Italy, Germany, the Netherlands and Belgium participate in NATO nuclear sharing. Most EU member states opposed the Nuclear Weapon Ban Treaty. EU forces have been deployed on peacekeeping missions from middle and northern Africa to the western Balkans and western Asia. EU military operations are supported by a number of bodies, including the European Defence Agency, European Union Satellite Centre and the European Union Military Staff.
are awarded for making a contract, the additional points awarded for making a doubled contract, or for making doubled or redoubled overtricks. There are different bonus amounts at the partscore, game, small slam, and grand slam levels. The size of most bonuses depends on the vulnerability. Bonus amounts are different in rubber bridge and duplicate bridge. See Bridge scoring. Book (Noun) The basic six tricks that must be taken by the declaring side. The first six "book" tricks are always
are believed to have been adopted from the arms of the medieval Schottenklöster (Gaelic monastery) in Regensburg, Germany. The arms of the Regensburg Schottenklöster, which date from at least the 14th century, combined the arms of the Holy Roman Emperor (from whom the abbey received protection) dimidiated with a symbol that may be linked with the crest of the O'Brien dynasty arms (an 11th-century O'Brien is listed as the "fundator" of the abbey). The arms may have been granted to
are cold and dry; in summer, southern winds from coastal areas at lower latitudes are warm and moist. A major environmental issue in China is the continued expansion of its deserts, particularly the Gobi Desert. Although barrier tree lines planted since the 1970s have reduced the frequency of sandstorms, prolonged drought and poor agricultural practices have resulted in dust storms plaguing northern China each spring, which then spread to other parts of East Asia, including Japan and Korea. Water quality,
are higher than the one led. Third hand, for example, can then make inferences about declarer's holding in the suit by examining his own and dummy's holdings; likewise, declarer can make inferences about right-hand-opponent's holding in the suit. (The rule can be modified to subtract from 12 if the lead is thought to be third best, and from 10 if the lead is thought to be fifth best.) Rule of Fifteen Guideline for opening light in fourth seat: open if
are legal; that is, all discrimination based on union membership is forbidden. This affects the function and services of the union. An EU case concerning Italy stated that, "The principle of trade union freedom in the Italian system implies recognition of the right of the individual not to belong to any trade union ("negative" freedom of association/trade union freedom), and the unlawfulness of discrimination liable to cause harm to non-unionized employees." In the United Kingdom, previous to this EU jurisprudence,
are multiplied by a fraction (or "factor") to make them commensurate with the E–W scores. Fall To be captured by a higher card. See drop. False preference A return to partner's first-bid suit despite a longer holding in the second suit. Usually intended to give partner an opportunity for another bid. False sacrifice Phantom sacrifice. Falsecard A card played with the intention of deceiving an opponent as to one's true holding. Also, the act of making such a play. Fast
are often attributed to King Arthur. It is believed that the three crowns were abandoned as the arms of Ireland after Henry VIII's split with the Papacy. Strictly speaking, following the Norman invasion of the 12th century, Ireland was a feudal possession of the Pope under the overlordship of the English monarch. The decision to change the three crowns arms may have sprung "from an idea that they might denote the feudal sovereignty of the pope" — whose tiara has
are only four ways of taking a trick by force, two of which are very easy: establishing long suits (the last cards in a suit will take tricks if the opponents do not have the suit and are unable to trump) playing a high card that no one else can beat playing for the opponents' high cards to be in a particular position (if their ace is to the right of your king, your king may be able to take
are spoken across the Tibetan and Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau. Other ethnic minority languages in southwestern China include Zhuang, Thai, Dong and Sui of the Tai-Kadai family, Miao and Yao of the Hmong–Mien family, and Wa of the Austroasiatic family. Across northeastern and northwestern China, local ethnic groups speak Altaic languages including Manchu, Mongolian and several Turkic languages: Uyghur, Kazakh, Kyrgyz, Salar and Western Yugur. Korean is spoken natively along the border with North Korea. Sarikoli, the language of Tajiks in China,
are still plugged in, and the great advantage of these auctions taking place on the premises is that they have the opportunity to view the goods as they were being used, and may be able to try them out. Bidders can also avoid the possibility of goods being damaged whilst they are being removed as they can do it or at least supervise the activity. Second-hand goods – For the sale of consumer second-hand goods of all kinds, particularly farm
are the last Western hostages in Lebanon. Violence breaks out between the African National Congress and the Inkatha Freedom Party in Boipatong, South Africa, leaving 45 dead. June 18 – Ireland votes for the Eleventh Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland to accept the Maastricht Treaty with a popular vote of over 69%. June 20 Estonia adopts the kroon as currency, becoming the first former Soviet Republic to replace the Soviet rouble. In Paraguay the National Constituent Assembly approves the
are to promote both the EU's own interests and those of the international community as a whole, including the furtherance of international co-operation, respect for human rights, democracy, and the rule of law. The CFSP requires unanimity among the member states on the appropriate policy to follow on any particular issue. The unanimity and difficult issues treated under the CFSP sometimes lead to disagreements, such as those which occurred over the war in Iraq. The coordinator and representative of the
are used by members of the British royal family. The monarch's official flag, the royal standard, is the coat of arms in flag form. There are two versions of the coat of arms. One is used in Scotland, and includes elements derived from the coat of arms of the Kingdom of Scotland, and the other is used elsewhere and includes elements derived from the coat of arms of the Kingdom of England. The shields of both versions of the arms
are: per capita income (PCI) and per capita personal income (PCPI). Per capita personal income is the more comprehensive of the two measures, and thus PCPI for an individual, county, or state will be higher than PCI. The following table is a listing of counties by PCPI. Many of these counties are home to prisons, which lowers their per capita personal incomes. List of highest-income counties in the United States List of United States counties by per capita income Persistent
area is Greenland, which is not part of the EU but whose citizens are EU citizens, while the largest by population are the Canary Islands off Africa, which are part of the EU and the Schengen area. French Guiana in South America is part of the EU and the eurozone, as is Mayotte, north of Madagascar. The climate of the European Union is of a temperate, continental nature, with a maritime climate prevailing on the western coasts and a mediterranean
areas of co-operation. Subdivisions of member-states are based on the Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS), a geocode standard for statistical purposes. The standard, adopted in 2003, is developed and regulated by the European Union, and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail. The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics is instrumental in the European Union's Structural Funds and Cohesion Fund delivery mechanisms and for locating the area where goods and services subject to European
arms occupy the first and fourth quarters and the English arms the second, giving the former precedence. The shield is surrounded by the collar and badge of the Order of the Thistle. The crest is a crowned red lion holding a sword and sceptre (representing the Honours of Scotland), facing forward sitting on a crown. Above it is the Scots motto 'In defens', a contraction of the phrase 'In my defens God me defend'. The supporters are a crowned and
army and the Bengali Mukti Bahini, an estimated 10 million Bengalis sought refuge in the Indian states of Assam and West Bengal. Bangladesh forces command was set up on 11 July, with Col. M. A. G. Osmani as commander-in-chief (C-in-C) with the status of Cabinet Minister, Lt. Col. Abdur Rabb as chief of Staff (COS), Group Captain A. K. Khandker as Deputy Chief of Staff (DCOS) and Major A. R. Chowdhury as Assistant Chief of Staff (ACOS). Osmani had differences
army. In 1950–54, he was promoted to colonel and became the deputy director at the directorate of artillery in the GHQ. In 1955, he was promoted to brigadier. In 1962, he was promoted to major general and posted at the GHQ in Rawalpindi. In 1965, Major-General Tikka Khan was the GOC of the 8th Infantry Division that was positioned in Punjab, Pakistan. At that time, the 8th Infantry Division consisted of the 51st Paratrooper Brigade and the 52nd Infantry Brigade.
around the Benelux. The EU contains about 40 urban areas with populations of over 1 million. With a population of over 13 million, Paris is the largest metropolitan area and the only megacity in the EU. Paris is followed by Madrid, Barcelona, Berlin, the Ruhr, Milan, and Rome, all with a metropolitan population of over 4 million. The EU also has numerous polycentric urbanised regions like Rhine-Ruhr (Cologne, Dortmund, Düsseldorf et al.), Randstad (Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague, Utrecht et al.),
around – no amount of mid-life crisis and teenage ennui's ever gonna keep it down." Metacritic's weighted average assigned the second season a score of 66 out of 100, based on seven critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The third season of the series had a positive response from critics. At the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, it holds a 90% approval rating, with an average score of 8 out of 10 based on 52 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads:
arrogant ex-boyfriend Johnny Lawrence, a black belt and the top student from the Cobra Kai dojo, training in an aggressive form of karate. Johnny and his Cobra Kai gang (Bobby Brown, Tommy, Jimmy, and Dutch) constantly bully Daniel. At a Halloween dance, after Daniel sprays water on Johnny with a hose as payback, Johnny and his gang pursue Daniel down the street and brutally beat him, but Mr. Miyagi intervenes and easily defeats them. Amazed, Daniel asks Mr. Miyagi to
articles, and the Chicago Tribune published 11 articles. Eight stories appeared on ABC News, including a 60-minute special on Primetime Live. Upon watching the tape of the beating, LAPD chief of police Daryl Gates said: I stared at the screen in disbelief. I played the one-minute-50-second tape again. Then again and again, until I had viewed it 25 times. And still I could not believe what I was looking at. To see my officers engage in what appeared to be
artillery range of Dacca. On 11 December, the 2nd Para regiment battalion carried out the Tangail Airdrop and engaged with the ill-trained Razakars to enable the 1 Maratha light infantry to secure the Poongli bridge over the Jamuna river. This battle was an Indian victory and helped Indian forces close on Dhaka by 12 December. On 13 December, Indian and Mukti Bahini forces attacked the city of Shiromoni. The Indian forces suffered heavy losses at the Badamtola ambush. The battle
artist Jeff Beall is mapping where they fell – 25 Years After, an Artist's Response – LA Times, April 28, 2017. The L.A. Riots: 15 Years after Rodney King from Time.com. The L.A. 53 Archived December 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine – full listing of 53 known deaths during the riots, from the L.A. Weekly. L.A.'s darkest days – Christian Science Monitor retrospective and interviews with victims and participants. "Charting the Hours of Chaos". Los Angeles Times. April 29,
as "really a Brian Wilson/Joe Thomas album", peaked at number 88 in the U.S. and received criticism for assimilating Wilson's music style into a homogenized radio pop sound. Some reports from this period suggested that Wilson was exploited by those close to him, including Melinda. His daughter Carnie nicknamed Ledbetter "Melandy", while family friend Ginger Blake described Wilson as "complacent and basically surrendered". Mike Love stated his willingness to reunite the Beach Boys with Wilson but remarked that "Brian usually
as Au Revoir Simone, Wild Nothing, Alvvays, and Lana Del Rey. In 2022, She & Him, accompanied by the release of Melt Away: A Tribute to Brian Wilson, embarked on a concert tour dedicated to renditions of Wilson's songs. Brian Wilson: I Just Wasn't Made for These Times, directed by Don Was, premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 1995. It features new interviews with Wilson and many other musicians, including Linda Ronstadt and Sonic Youth's Thurston Moore, who
as Deputy Chief of Staff (DCOS) and Major A. R. Chowdhury as Assistant Chief of Staff (ACOS). Osmani had differences of opinion with the Indian leadership about the role of the Mukti Bahini in the conflict. Indian leadership initially envisioned a well trained force of 8,000 guerrillas, operating in small cells around Bangladesh to facilitate eventual conventional combat. With the Bangladesh government in exile, Osmani favored a different strategy: Bengali conventional forces would occupy lodgments inside Bangladesh and the Bangladesh
as Draco Malfoy, Nicholas Podany as Albus Potter, Nadia Brown as Rose Granger-Weasley, and Bubba Weiler as Scorpius Malfoy. On 12 March 2020, performances were suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The play re-opened on 12 November 2021, as the newly revised one-part version. In January 2022, Snyder was fired from the production following a misconduct investigation that arose from a complaint raised by Davis, who portrayed Ginny Potter. The play holds the record for the highest weekly gross by
as I'm concerned". Through his engrossment in Phil Spector's music, Wilson learned to approach records in terms of production rather than only songwriting. His own production style incorporated block chord textures with saxophones, bass harmonicas, and occasionally accordions, an emphasized downbeat, and triple basses (two electric with different tones and one upright) to create a prominent low end. He usually instructed his drummer to play only the snare and floor-tom afterbeats characteristic of Spector's records, albeit with a lower snare
as Ireland in the royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom. The reverse side of the Great Seal of Northern Ireland features the Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom bearing an inescutcheon with a red cross on a gold field, the basis of the historical coat of arms of Ulster. Flag of Northern Ireland Northern Ireland flags issue – Regional dispute Great Seal of Northern Ireland – National seal of Northern Ireland Ulster – Traditional province in
as Pakistan and Iran have been at odds with each other, such as the Iran–Turkey proxy conflict which Pakistan takes the side of Turkey, the issues of vanishing Pakistani Shias being recruited by Iran for their wars in the Middle East, and competing religious influences. During the Cold War (1945–1991), both countries were part of the Western Bloc against the Eastern Bloc. They were founding members of the anti-communist alliance CENTO. Iran aided Pakistan in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965
as Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother, King George VI's widow and Elizabeth's mother Matthew Goode as Antony Armstrong-Jones, a society photographer who marries Princess Margaret The following actors are credited in the opening titles of up to two episodes: Alex Jennings as Prince Edward, Duke of Windsor, formerly King Edward VIII, who abdicated in favour of his younger brother in order to marry Wallis Simpson Lia Williams as Wallis, Duchess of Windsor, the Duke of Windsor's American wife John Heffernan
as Wilson's bodyguard, trainer, and caretaker. A family intervention involving the band's lawyers and accountants was arranged to remind Wilson of his contractual obligation to write and produce for the Beach Boys. According to Stan, Wilson's growing resentment had led him to frequently announce his withdrawal from the Beach Boys, but his bandmates persisted. Although Stan improved Wilson's health over several months, he soon returned to his NBA commitments. Wilson entered psychologist Eugene Landy's intensive 24-hour therapy program in October.
as a "sometimes perverse" book which attempts to address the role he played in connecting Nixon to China whilst provide an exploration of the history of China, its policies and attitudes toward the west. She contends, however, that as Kissinger explores his dealings with China he attempts to burnish his legacy as Nixon's National Security Adviser and Secretary of State. Kakutani also illuminates Kissinger's soft-pedalling of the human costs of Mao's ruthless decades-long reign. Additionally, Kakutani questions the consequences of
as a battleground for their proxy sectarian conflict, and Pakistan's support for the Deobandi Taliban movement in Afghanistan during the civil wars in the 1990s became a problem for Shi'a-led Iran, which opposed a Taliban-controlled Afghanistan at the time. Iranian leaders had sought to extend their sphere of influence into Pakistan and to counter Saudi influence. As such, a pro-Iranian stance amongst many politicized Pakistani Shi'as remains widespread. Many Pakistani Shi'a websites and books are filled with writings advocating the
as a completion of the original Smile album, but rather as an effort to compile previously released material into a coherent live performance. To facilitate this, Sahanaja assumed the role of Wilson's "musical secretary" and, in late 2003, transferred selected recordings from the Beach Boys' tape vaults to a laptop computer. His preparatory work also involved consulting bootleg recordings he had collected since the early 1980s, as well as an archive of literature belonging to Leaf, which included photocopies of
as acting president. Reagan had been rushed into surgery with no opportunity to invoke Section 3; Bush did not invoke Section 4 because he was on a plane at the time of the shooting, and Reagan was out of surgery by the time Bush landed in Washington. In 1995, Birch Bayh, the primary sponsor of the amendment in the Senate, wrote that Section 4 should have been invoked. Physician to the President Daniel Ruge, who supervised Reagan's treatment immediately after
as early as the seventh century AD. The first mention of "auction", according to the Oxford English Dictionary, appeared in 1595. In some parts of England during the 17th and 18th centuries, auctions by candle began to be used for the sale of goods and leaseholds. In a candle auction, the end of the auction was signaled by the expiration of a candle flame, which was intended to ensure that no one could know exactly when the auction would end
as encouraging the fishing industry by various market interventions and fishing subsidies. It was introduced in 2009 with the Treaty of Lisbon, which formally enshrined fisheries conservation policy as one of the handful of "exclusive competences" reserved for the European Union. The free movement of persons means that EU citizens can move freely between member states to live, work, study or retire in another country. This required the lowering of administrative formalities and recognition of professional qualifications of other states.
as his second "solo album" (after Pet Sounds) and his favorite Beach Boys album. For the remainder of 1968, Wilson's songwriting output declined substantially, as did his emotional state, leading him to self-medicate with overconsumption of food, alcohol, and drugs. As the Beach Boys faced impending financial collapse, he began to supplement his regular amphetamines and marijuana with cocaine, to which Hutton had introduced him. Hutton later stated that Wilson expressed suicidal ideation during this period, describing it as the
as much as he is able to. Occasionally he flapped his arms about, and he made a big point of introducing 'Marcella' as a real 'rock'n'roll' song – as though that were what we secretly craved." Motivated by the positive reception, Wilson agreed to record a studio version of Smile after two weeks of consideration. Recording began on April 13, 2004 with his ten-piece touring band, augmented by a ten-piece string section and an acoustic bassist. The basic tracks were
as part of doubleheaders in July. In San Francisco, a city curfew due to unrest forced the postponement of a May 1, San Francisco Giants home game against the Philadelphia Phillies. The horse racing venues Hollywood Park Racetrack and Los Alamitos Race Course were also shut down. LA Fiesta Broadway, a major event in the Latino community, was canceled. In music, Van Halen canceled two concert shows in Inglewood on Saturday and Sunday. Metallica and Guns N' Roses were forced
as referees and have overall control of procedures during competitions. But various details of procedure are left to the discretion of the zonal bridge organisation for tournaments under their aegis and some (for example, the choice of movement) to the sponsoring organisation (for example, the club). Some zonal organisations of the WBF also publish editions of the Laws. For example, the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) publishes the Laws of Duplicate Bridge and additional documentation for club and tournament directors.
as the Butcher of Bengal in Bangladesh. Gaining a commission in 1940 as an artillery officer in the British Indian Army to participate in World War II, he rose to command the 8th and 15th infantry divisions. In 1969, he was appointed as the commander of IV Corps while acting as martial law administrator in West Pakistan under President Yahya Khan. In 1971, he took over the command of army's Eastern Command in East Pakistan and was appointed as Governor
as the all-time leader in scrimmage yards, with 21,281 scrimmage yards. He scored his 200th career touchdown against the Broncos. Oakland finished the season with an 11–5 record and made the postseason. They won in the Divisional Round against the Jets, 30–10. Rice had a receiving touchdown in the win. The team won in the AFC Championship against the Tennessee Titans, 41–24, making it to the Super Bowl. There, against the Buccaneers, coached by former Raiders head coach Jon Gruden,
as the body to which the arms were granted no longer exists, and so they cannot be used unless regranted to another armiger. The current Northern Ireland Executive does not use a coat of arms. The former flag of the Government of Northern Ireland is derived from the arms. The flag is the arms alone (the shield), for supporters are never displayed on a flag. Supporters are not part of the arms – they support the arms, which are on
as the preference of atheism and from rhetoric suggesting that employees' interests always are in conflict with those of employers. Some of these Christian unions have had some ties to centrist or conservative political movements, and some do not regard strikes as acceptable political means for achieving employees' goals. In Poland, the biggest trade union Solidarity emerged as an anti-communist movement with religious nationalist overtones and today it supports the right-wing Law and Justice party. Although their political structure and
as utilizing pseudonyms or multiple accounts to maintain anonymity. This concealment could simplify collusion without detection. Secondly, online auctions might ease the implementation of collusive arrangements among bidders. The accessibility of bidding data in online auctions, for instance, allows colluding bidders to monitor each other's bids, guarantee adherence to their agreements, and penalize non-compliance. This enhanced oversight capacity strengthens the stability of collusive agreements. Motor vehicle and car auctions – Here one can buy anything from an accident-damaged car to
as vulnerable for the board in play. Also, "neither side vulnerable." Norman four notrump A slam-seeking convention North–South One of the partnerships designated on duplicate boards. Not vulnerable The state of vulnerability in which both bonuses and penalties are smaller. Therefore, less is at stake for a non-vulnerable pair investigating game or slam, or that is contesting the part score, than for a vulnerable pair. Also, "non-vulnerable." Notrump, or no trump (NT) A contract, or a bid that names a
as well as by the concept of "harmony without uniformity", which encourages diplomatic relations between states despite ideological differences. Per its policy of non-alignment, China maintains no military alliances except its defense treaty with North Korea. Most countries have switched recognition from the ROC to the PRC since the latter replaced the former in the UN in 1971. The PRC officially maintains the one China principle: the view that there is only one sovereign state with the name "China"—represented by
as well as the cession of Taiwan to Japan. The Qing dynasty also began experiencing internal unrest in which tens of millions of people died, especially in the White Lotus Rebellion, the failed Taiping Rebellion that ravaged southern China in the 1850s and 1860s and the Dungan Revolt (1862–1877) in the northwest. The initial success of the Self-Strengthening Movement of the 1860s was frustrated by a series of military defeats in the 1880s and 1890s. In the 19th century, the
as well as the second-largest importer. China has the world's largest standing army, second-largest defense budget, and third-largest nuclear weapons stockpile. It is described as either a potential or established superpower due to its influence in the fields of geopolitics, technology, manufacturing, economics and culture. China is known for its cuisine and culture. It is a megadiverse country, and has 60 UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The word "China" has been used in English since the 16th century; however, it was
as well. The two-seamer started away on a right-handed hitter (or in to a left-handed hitter) and had dramatic inward (or outward) movement over the plate. He also experimented with curveballs, screwballs, and knuckleballs. Wilson has said that when pitching, players cannot be worried about the potential outcome. This is a man's sport. You can't go in there with doubts. You can't accept failure, and you certainly can't go into a situation thinking, 'Oh, gosh, what's going to happen?' You
assistance from loyal Bengalis and Biharis for the operation and organized a paramilitary force called Razakars. He ordered the arrest of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, outlawed the Awami League, and ordered a midnight attack on the University of Dhaka. Tikka Khan was the architect and top planner of Operation Searchlight. Thousands were killed in this operation, including academics and other members of civil society, and the country was plunged into a bloody civil war. Fatima Bhutto called him "a soldier known
assistance to the nations of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq and Kashmir, to engage in struggle and resistance against the aggressions of the United States, the Zionist Regime...". He further said that Muslims should be united and "spread awakening and a sense of responsibility and commitment among Muslim youth throughout Islamic communities". He said the US was bogged down in Afghanistan and "is hated more than ever before in disaster-stricken Pakistan". The thrust of his speech was directed at Israel, India, and
associated; characters' personalities were plainly shown by their appearances, starting with the Dursleys; evil or malicious characters were to be crushed rather than reformed, including Argus Filch's cat Mrs Norris; and the hero, a mistreated orphan who found his true place in life, was charismatic and good at sports, but considerate and protective towards the weak. Several other commentators have noted that the books present a rigidly stratified society and include many social stereotypes. However, Karin Westerman drew parallels with
associates had departed or been excluded from his life. In May, Derek Taylor announced that Smile had been "scrapped". Wilson explained in a 1968 interview, "We pulled out [...] because I was about ready to die. I was trying so hard. So, all of a sudden I decided not to try any more." That July, the Beach Boys released "Heroes and Villains" as a single; its mixed critical and commercial reception further strained Wilson's morale, with biographers citing it as
at Hibernian matches to this day. In 1887, a gaelic games club was set up in Clonsilla, Dublin under the name Erin go Bragh GAA. There is also an "Erin go Bragh GAA" club in Warwickshire, England. In 1906, three Irishmen went to Athens, Greece to compete in the 1906 Intercalated Olympics as an Irish team independent of Britain. They had distinct uniforms and intended to compete for the first time as representatives of their own country. Once in Athens,
at Hogwarts, with Scorpius expressing interest in trying out for the Slytherin Quidditch Team. He also asks Rose to be his friend. Although she turns him down, she becomes more friendly towards him. Harry and Albus visit Cedric's grave, with Harry apologising for his role in Cedric's death. Albus and Harry grow closer. Having been allied in foiling Delphi's plot, Harry and Draco overcome their old enmity. The one-part version of the play, currently playing in Hamburg, New York, Los
at Hogwarts. Harry works as the Head of Magical Law Enforcement at the Ministry of Magic, while Ginny is the editor of the sports section of The Daily Prophet. Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger also send their daughter Rose on the train. Hermione is now the Minister of Magic, while Ron manages Weasley's Wizard Wheezes in Diagon Alley alongside his brother George. Aboard the Hogwarts Express, Albus befriends Scorpius Malfoy, the son of Harry's former foe Draco and his wife,
at a Jaguar factory, when in reality there is no evidence that she gave a speech there. Similarly, while it is possible that she might have met Lord Altrincham to discuss his article, there is no record of it. Hugo Vickers wrote that the Queen did condemn the Duke of Windsor after she read the Marburg Files, but suggested that the series gave the false implication that the Duke was banished from the royal family upon publication. In reality, the
at an auction. Vendor bid – a bid by the person selling the item. The bid is sometimes a dummy bid (see definition) but not always. White glove sale – an auction in which every single lot is sold. The Journal of Economic Literature (JEL) classification code for auctions is D44. Auction chant Auction house Auction Network Auction school Auction software Auction theory Auctions in Monopoly game Foreclosure Game theory Offer and acceptance Online auction Online travel auction Request for
at large and helped to establish a sense of national unity and patriotism. The Mexican victory, however, was short-lived. A year later, with 30,000 troops, the French were able to defeat the Mexican army, capture Mexico City, and install Emperor Maximilian I as ruler of Mexico. Maximilian's rule lasted only three years, from 1864 to 1867. By 1865, "with the American Civil War now over, the U.S. began to provide more political and military assistance to Mexico to expel the
at least 100 physicians, professors, writers and engineers in Dacca, and murdered them, leaving the dead bodies in a mass grave. Many mass graves have been discovered in Bangladesh. The first night of war on Bengalis, which is documented in telegrams from the American consulate in Dacca to the U.S. State Department, saw indiscriminate killings of students of Dacca University and other civilians. Numerous women were tortured, raped, and killed during the war; the exact numbers are not known and
at least supervise the activity. Second-hand goods – For the sale of consumer second-hand goods of all kinds, particularly farm (equipment) and house clearances and online auctions. Sale of industrial machinery, both surplus or through insolvency. Thoroughbred horses, where yearling horses and other bloodstock are auctioned. Travel tickets – One example is SJ AB in Sweden auctioning surplus at Tradera (Swedish eBay). Holidays – A variety of holidays are available for sale online particularly via eBay. Vacation rentals appear to
at the Venice Beach home studio of musicologist and film executive Garby Leon—later became known among fans as the "cocaine sessions" or "hamburger sessions". In early 1981, Pamplin and Stan Love were convicted of assaulting Dennis after learning he had been providing Wilson with drugs. In early 1982, Wilson signed a trust document granting Carl control of his finances and voting power in the band's corporate structure, and he was involuntarily admitted for a three-day stay at St. John's Hospital
at the courthouse, predicted, "By having this verdict, what these people done, they lit the fuse to a bomb." The riots began the day the verdicts were announced and peaked in intensity over the next two days. A dusk-to-dawn curfew and deployment by the California National Guard, US troops, and federal law enforcement personnel eventually controlled the situation. A total of 63 people died during the riots, including nine shot by police and one by the National Guard. Of those
at the respective fronts. By the end of the war, India had lost 45–65 aircraft while Pakistan lost 75. Officially, the Instrument of Surrender of Pakistan Eastern Command stationed in East Pakistan, was signed between the Lieutenant General Jagjit Singh Aurora, the GOC-in-C of Indian Eastern Command and Lieutenant-General A.A.K. Niazi, the Commander of the Pakistan Eastern Command, at the Ramna Race Course in Dacca at 16:31Hrs IST on 16 December 1971. There was a problem over who would represent
at the tops of the suit symbols. Contrast Pointed suit. Round-robin tournament, or round-robin An event format in which each team eventually opposes each other team. Rubber In rubber bridge, the set of successive deals that ends when one of the pairs wins two games. Rubber bonus A bonus awarded to the pair winning the rubber: 500 points if the losers are vulnerable, 700 if they are not. Rubber bridge The original form of contract bridge, a contest with four
attoucher retoucher touer "to tow" toue touage touée touffe "tuft" ( < OFr toffe < Frk *topp- < Gmc, cf Germ Zopf "braid", LG topp) touffu toupet "tuft of hair" ( < OFr toupe < Frk *topp- < Gmc) toupie "spinning top" ( < OFr topie < Gmc, cf Eng top) tourbe "peat, turf" tourbeux tourbière trac "track" tracasser "to torment" tracas tracassier tracasserie transborder "to tranship" trappe "trap door, trap" attrapper trapu "squat, stubby" ( < OFr trape <
auction is complete. Much of the complexity in bridge arises from the difficulty of arriving at a good final contract in the auction (or deciding to let the opponents declare the contract). This is a difficult problem: the two players in a partnership must try to communicate enough information about their hands to arrive at a makeable contract, but the information they can exchange is restricted – information may be passed only by the calls made and later by the
auction is going well, most lots will achieve a price near the top of the estimate, or some 20 or 30% over it. But some lots may fetch double or more the estimate, for various reasons; others much less than the lower end of the estimate. Hammer price – the nominal price at which a lot is sold; the buyer, and often the seller, may have to pay additional fees, "premiums", and taxes on top of this amount. Increment –
auction is the most common type of auction — a seller offers item(s) for sale and expects the highest price. A reverse auction is a type of auction in which the roles of the buyer and the seller are reversed, with the primary objective to drive purchase prices downward. While ordinary auctions provide suppliers the opportunity to find the best price among interested buyers, reverse auctions and buyer-determined auctions give buyers a chance to find the lowest-price supplier. During a
auction to decide the contract and declarer. The object became to make at least as many tricks as were contracted for, and penalties were introduced for failing to do so. In auction bridge, bidding beyond winning the auction is pointless; for example, if taking all 13 tricks, there is no difference in score between a 1♠ and a 7♠ final contract, as the bonus for rubber, small slam or grand slam depends on the number of tricks taken rather than
auction types and participants' behavior in auctions is called auction theory. The open ascending price auction is arguably the most common form of auction and has been used throughout history. Participants bid openly against one another, with each subsequent bid being higher than the previous bid. An auctioneer may announce prices, while bidders submit bids vocally or electronically. Auctions are applied for trade in diverse contexts. These contexts include antiques, paintings, rare collectibles, expensive wines, commodities, livestock, radio spectrum, used
auction, 2♣ forced to game", or "My reverse forced to the three-level." Forcing bid A bid that, by partnership understanding, requires the bidder's partner to make another bid. A forcing bid is not necessarily a strong bid. It is legal to pass partner's forcing bid, and players occasionally do so if they believe it advantageous on a given hand, but it is damaging to partnership confidence. See also Game force, Grand slam force and One round force. Forcing defense The
auctioned or the owner's representative, while the consignee is the auction house. The consignor maintains title until such time that an item is purchased by a bidder and the bidder pays the auction house. Dummy bid (a/k/a "ghost bid") – a false bid, made by someone in collusion with the seller or auctioneer, designed to create a sense of increased interest in the item (and, thus, increased bids). Dynamic closing – a mechanism used to prevent auction sniping, by which
auctioneer selling individual items; the bidders write their bids on a bidding sheet often left on a table near the item. At charity auctions, bid sheets usually have a fixed starting amount, predetermined bid increments, and a "guaranteed bid" amount which works the same as a "buy now" amount. Other variations of this type of auction may include sealed bids. The highest bidder pays the price they submitted. In private value auctions, every bidder has their own valuation of the
auctions are sealed-bid auctions with multiple bids, where the bidders submit their prices like in English auction and get responses about the leadership of their bid. Rank auction is an extension of best/not best auction, where the bidders also see the rank of their bids. Traffic-light auction shows traffic lights to bidders as a response to their bids. These traffic lights depend on the position of the last bid in the distribution of all bids. A buyout auction is an
auctions such as the 2008 auction of "Natalie Dylan" and 2012 auction of Catarina Migliorini were never completed. In some cases, the seller reports they are seeking money to pay for expenses such as medical bills or school tuition; in others, the seller has pledged that some portion of the earnings will be given to charity, or emphasizes the social questions involved in selling one's virginity. The earliest reported attempts to auction virginity online date to at least early 2004.
auctions, although some forces use online sites including eBay, to dispose of lost and found and seized goods. Debt auctions, in which governments issue and sell debt obligations, such as bonds, to investors. The auction is usually sealed and the uniform price paid by the investors is typically the best non-winning bid. In most cases, investors can also place so-called non-competitive bids, which indicates interest to purchase the debt obligation at the resulting price, whatever it may be. Some states
auctions. Multiunit auction, Combinatorial auction, Generalized first-price auction and Generalized second-price auction are multi-winner auctions. Auctions can be cascaded, one after the other. For instance, an Amsterdam auction is a type of premium auction which begins as an English auction. Once only two bidders remain, each submits a sealed bid. The higher bidder wins, paying either the first or second price. Both finalists receive a premium: a proportion of the excess of the second price over the third price (at
audience format in favour of films dedicated to road trips and adventure specials. The new format focuses on these individual adventures which see the presenters travelling from one location to another in a selection of vehicles they have chosen for the task, in a similar manner to the feature-length specials of Top Gear, though expanding beyond cars, as did Top Gear on occasion. The first episode, titled "Seamen", was filmed on the Mekong Delta in Cambodia and Vietnam and released
auteurs, Wilson helped popularize the idea of the recording studio as a compositional tool, and he was the first rock producer to use the studio in this fashion. Granata writes that Wilson "redefined" the role of the producer, and Peter Doggett identifies Wilson as the quintessential figure of an era marked by "some of the most notorious pop battles" between "idealistic musicians" and the executives funding their ambitious projects. His accomplishments influenced many others in his field, effectively setting a
available from the auctioneer. A reserve auction is an auction where the item for sale may not be sold if the final bid is not high enough to satisfy the seller; that is, the seller reserves the right to accept or reject the highest bid. In these cases, a set 'reserve' price known to the auctioneer, but not necessarily to the bidders, may have been set, below which the item may not be sold. If the seller announces to the
average of the matchpoints the pair earned on other boards played during the session or of the matchpoints earned against their current opponents. The assigned scores need not sum to the total available matchpoints. In IMP (Butler) pairs, "average" refers to the "datum" used in scoring. Avoidance play A play designed to keep a particular defender off lead, often to prevent the lead of a suit through a tenace position in either declarer's hand or dummy. Back in To make
awarded in the two cases, the contract is successful or the contract is defeated. When the contract is successful, the declaring side receives a positive score which is the sum of the following elements where applicable: contract points, overtrick points, a part-game or game bonus, a bonus for making any doubled or redoubled contract, i.e. for 'insult', and a slam or grand slam bonus. The defending side receives a negative score of the same absolute value of points the declarer
awarded the House Cup. Harry then returns to the home of the Dursleys for the summer. Harry Potter is an orphan whom Rowling imagined as a "scrawny, black-haired, green eyed and bespectacled boy who didn't know he was a wizard." She developed the series' story and characters to explain how Harry came to be in this situation and how his life unfolded from there. Apart from the first chapter, the events of this book take place just before and in
back of the ♠K is to say that the ace is to the left of the king, or behind it, or over it; so, the ♠A is in a position to directly capture the ♠K. Individual A form of duplicate bridge, scored at matchpoints, in which each player is paired with a different partner on each round. Informatory double A double that is intended to convey information rather than to exact a penalty from the opponents. Such doubles include the
bandmates from the Beach Boys, who declined to appear in the film. It was later included on the DVD of a Smile concert performed in Los Angeles. By February 2005, Nielson Soundscan had reported that the album had sold over 300,000 copies. It was certified platinum in combination with its international sales. From autumn 2004 to summer 2005, Wilson supported the album with a world tour that included stops in the US, Europe, and Japan. In March 2005, Wilson, Parks,
bandmates pursued other creative and personal endeavors. Released in April 1977, The Beach Boys Love You was the band's first album to feature Wilson as the primary composer since Wild Honey in 1967. Originally titled Brian Loves You, the album showcased Wilson playing nearly every instrument. Band engineer Earle Mankey described it as Wilson's effort to create a "serious, autobiographical" work. In a 1998 interview, Wilson listed 15 Big Ones and Love You as his two favorite Beach Boys albums.
bangs), and somewhat short legs. The Coton de Tuléar's tail should curl over its back. The Coton de Tuléar has a medium-to-long, fluffy, cotton-like coat that is considered hair rather than fur. It is a non-shedding breed with low dander and is considered hypoallergenic. When it is a puppy, it may shed its puppy coat. Like the poodles, Maltese or the Havanese, this breed has very low allergic effects. Matted hair is common for this breed and should be removed
bank for the eurozone, and thus controls monetary policy in that area with an agenda to maintain price stability. It is at the centre of the Eurosystem, which comprehends all the eurozone national central banks. The ECB is also the central institution of the Banking Union established within the eurozone, as the hub of European Banking Supervision. There is also a Single Resolution Mechanism in case of a bank default. As a political entity, the European Union is represented in
baseball team, eventually becoming their No. 2 starter. In his time at LSU, Wilson pitched in 51 games (22 starts) and accumulated 18 wins, 10 losses, and five saves. In 2002, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Hyannis Mets of the Cape Cod Baseball League. He was in the middle of his third season on March 28, 2003, when he injured his elbow and underwent Tommy John surgery. He also played for the Keene Swamp Bats of the New
based on the film and book: Writers on education and business subjects have used the book as an object lesson. Writing about clinical teaching in medical schools, Jennifer Conn contrasted Snape's technical expertise with his intimidating behaviour towards students. Quidditch coach Madam Hooch on the other hand illustrated useful techniques in the teaching of physical skills, including breaking down complex actions into sequences of simple ones and helping students to avoid common errors. Joyce Fields wrote that the books illustrate
basin. The 8th–3rd centuries BCE saw a breakdown in the authority of the Zhou dynasty, accompanied by the emergence of administrative and military techniques, literature and philosophy. In 221 BCE, China was unified under an emperor, ushering in two millennia of imperial rule. Chinese achievements include the invention of gunpowder, paper, printing and the compass, the establishment of the Silk Road, and the building of the Great Wall. Chinese culture has flourished and has had a great influence on the
battle reenactments. The city of Puebla marks the event with various festivals and reenactments of the battle. Cinco de Mayo is sometimes mistaken for Mexican Independence Day—the most important national holiday in Mexico—which is celebrated on September 16, commemorating the Grito de Dolores ("Cry of Dolores") in 1810, which initiated the Mexican War of Independence from Spain. Cinco de Mayo has been referenced and featured in entertainment media, and has become an increasingly global celebration of Mexican culture, cuisine, and
be forever in your debt." In 1971, he was portrayed as a monstrous beast in "ANNIHILATE THESE DEMONS", a poster illustrated by Quamrul Hassan. In the 2023 Indian film Gadar 2, Khan is portrayed by Manoj Bakshi. In the 2023 Indian film Sam Bahadur, Khan is portrayed by Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub. In the 2026 Indian film Border 2, Khan is portrayed by Madhur Arora. The Breaking of Pakistan: Yahya Speaks about the Bhutto-Mujib Interaction which Broke Pakistan, Lahore: Liberty Publishers,
be in development. Amon Miyamoto served as the director, with an accompanying novel being written by the original film's screenwriter Robert Mark Kamen. Drew Gasparini is the lyricist and composer of the score, while Keone and Mari Madrid choreographed the musical. The premiere cast included Jovanni Sy as Mr. Miyagi, John Cardoza as Daniel, Kate Baldwin as Lucille, Alan H. Green as John Kreese, Jake Bentley Young as Johnny, Jetta Juriansz as Ali Mills, and Luis-Pablo Garcia as Freddie Fernandez.
be in one location near Clarkson's home in the Cotswolds as this would be more convenient for the crew to operate. It also would be useful for new features such as Celebrity Face Off. In September 2017, West Oxfordshire District Council gave planning permission for three months of filming from a fixed tent location on the Great Tew Estate, near Chipping Norton. Two hundred parking spaces already used for hosting the Cornbury Music Festival on the same site would be
be limited by the bidder in the total amount to spend on items in a multi-item auction. Relisting – re-selling an item that has already been sold at auction, but where the buyer did not take possession of the item (for example, in a real estate auction, the buyer did not provide payment by the closing date). Reserve (price) – a minimum acceptable price established by the seller prior to the auction, which may or may not be disclosed to
be paid by a swain, while unattractive maidens required a reverse auction to determine the price to be paid to a swain. Auctions took place in Ancient Greece, other Hellenistic societies, and also in Rome. During the Roman Empire, after a military victory, Roman soldiers would often drive a spear into the ground around which the spoils of war were left, to be auctioned off. Slaves, often captured as the "spoils of war", were auctioned in the Forum under the
be released throughout 2025 and 2026 under the titles A Trip Down Memory Lane, A Bit Further Down Memory Lane, and Completely Lost Down Memory Lane respectively. List of Amazon Prime Video original programming DriveTribe, an automotive enthusiast website by Clarkson, Hammond and May. Official website The Grand Tour at IMDb The Grand Tour's channel on YouTube Geographic data related to The Grand Tour's "Eboladrome" test track at OpenStreetMap Geographic data related to The Grand Tour's Enstone gravel test track
became a milestone organisation, enabling European economic development and integration and being the origin of the main institutions of the EU such as the European Commission and Parliament. Founding fathers of the European Union understood that coal and steel were the two industries essential for waging war, and believed that by tying their national industries together, a future war between their nations became much less likely. In parallel with Schuman, the Pleven Plan of 1951 tried but failed to tie
became popular and would go through three revisions (1850, 1859, and 1869), all produced by committees consisting of White and several colleagues working under the auspices of the Southern Musical Convention. The first two new editions simply added appendices of new songs to the back of the book. The 1869 revision was more extensive, removing some of the less popular songs and adding new ones in their places. From the original 262 pages, the book was expanded by 1869 to
became popular. In 1925 when contract bridge first evolved, bridge tournaments were becoming popular, but the rules were somewhat in flux, and several different organizing bodies were involved in tournament sponsorship: the American Bridge League (formerly the American Auction Bridge League, which changed its name in 1929), the American Whist League, and the United States Bridge Association. In 1937, the first officially recognized world championship was held in Budapest. In 1958, the World Bridge Federation (WBF) was founded to promote
became seen as an antidote to the extreme nationalism that had caused the war. On 19 September 1946, in a much recognised speech, Winston Churchill, speaking at the University of Zürich, reiterated his calls since 1930 for a "European Union" and "Council of Europe", coincidentally parallel to the Hertenstein Congress of the Union of European Federalists, one of the then founded and later constituent members of the European Movement. One month later, the French Union was installed by the new
because partnership agreement requires a pass in a given situation. In either case, the player is said to be "barred." Bar bid A bid which by partnership agreement requires partner to pass at future turns to call in the current auction. Raises of partner's weak two opening bid are one common example. The raise might be extending the preempt, to make, or to push the opponents a level too high. If the opponents bid over a bar bid raise, the
becoming the paramount leader. China's economy grew sevenfold during Jiang's tenure. British Hong Kong and Portuguese Macau returned to China in 1997 and 1999, respectively, as special administrative regions under the principle of one country, two systems. In 2002, Hu Jintao succeeded Jiang as the general secretary. Under Hu, China maintained its high rate of economic growth, overtaking the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Japan to become the world's second-largest economy. However, the growth also severely impacted the country's resources
been abolished for travel within the Schengen Area. The eurozone is a group composed of the 21 EU member states that have fully implemented the EU's economic and monetary union and use the euro currency. Through the Common Foreign and Security Policy, the union has developed a role in external relations and defence. It maintains permanent diplomatic missions throughout the world and represents itself at the United Nations, the World Trade Organization, the G7 and the G20. In 2012, the
been different ever since." According to Sahanaja, Wilson held the CD to his chest and said, "'I'm going to hold this dear to my heart.' He was trembling." In an interview from October 2004, Wilson was asked what completing Smile had meant to him, and he responded: It means reaching people in a market that's so dead, so out of it. Breathing some new life into an old market is what this music is about. And I think it's going
been improved upon by taking a different line in earlier bidding. The contract is regarded as optimum because it offers the maximum score while minimizing the risk of failure. Our hand (Informal) A hand on which "our" side can take more tricks than their side. Out-of-the-blue cue bid See Advance cue bid. Over See In back of. Overbid 1) (Noun) A bid that overstates a hand's strength. 2) (Verb) To bid voluntarily to a contract that the partnership cannot make.
been met with mixed reviews from critics and positive reviews from fans of the show. In March 2025, a series of retrospective specials was announced, which revisit moments from The Grand Tour with Hammond and May providing commentary. The first of four specials, titled The Glory and The Power, premiered on 18 April 2025. The remaining specials are set to be released throughout 2025 and 2026 under the titles A Trip Down Memory Lane, A Bit Further Down Memory Lane,
been the Erasmus Programme, a university exchange programme which began in 1987. In its first 20 years, it supported international exchange opportunities for well over 1.5 million university and college students and became a symbol of European student life. There are similar programmes for school pupils and teachers, for trainees in vocational education and training, and for adult learners in the Lifelong Learning Programme 2007–2013. These programmes are designed to encourage a wider knowledge of other countries and to spread
been the natural choice to prepare a new edition, was a non-traditionalist. His "fifth edition" (1909) won little support among singers, while his "fourth edition with supplement" (1911) enjoyed some success in a few areas. Ultimately, a committee headed by Joseph Stephen James produced an edition entitled Original Sacred Harp (1911) that largely satisfied the wishes of this community of singers. The James edition was further revised in 1936 by a committee under the leadership of the brothers Seaborn and
before Harry's parents were killed. They write an invisible message on Harry's baby blanket, knowing in the present, the blanket would become stained with a love potion and expose the message. The message reads: "Dad. Help. Godric's Hollow. 311081." Meanwhile, Draco reveals the Time-Turner was actually a prototype for a perfected model he has in his possession. After Harry receives the message from the boys, he and his allies use Draco's Time-Turner to travel back in time to save them
begin shooting down Lockheed U-2 surveillance planes being used by UNSCOM inspectors. November 2 – Severe Tropical Storm Linda devastates southern Vietnam and Thailand, killing 3,275 people. November 9 – BBC News 24 has launched a new channel at 5:30pm, after the final closedown with the last national anthem of God Save the Queen, which occurred at approximately 2:57am for BBC One, following the death of Lady Diana Spencer. November 11 – Telecom companies WorldCom and MCI Communications announce a
begins with a high asking price for some quantity of like items; the price is lowered until a participant is willing to accept the auctioneer's price for some quantity of the goods in the lot or until the seller's reserve price is met. If the first bidder does not purchase the entire lot, the auctioneer continues lowering the price until all of the items have been bid for or the reserve price is reached. Items are allocated based on bid
behind the bench. Courtrooms in Scotland, in the same way, usually display the Scottish version of the royal arms. The Justice (Northern Ireland) Act 2002 prohibited the display of the royal arms in courtrooms or on court building exteriors in Northern Ireland, with some exceptions. The arms are not displayed in the Middlesex Guildhall, which houses the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom and the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. This is because the remit of the former includes
being defeated by Daniel LaRusso in the 1984 All-Valley Karate Tournament at the end of The Karate Kid (1984), Johnny Lawrence suffers from alcoholism and depression. He is impoverished and living in an apartment in Reseda, Los Angeles, having fallen far from his wealthy lifestyle in Encino. He also has a son named Robby, but the two are estranged due to Lawrence's neglect as a parent. In contrast, Daniel is now the wealthy owner of a car dealership chain -
being offered for sale, with no other bids made. Minimum bid – the smallest opening bid that will be accepted. A minimum bid can be as little as $0.01 (one cent) depending on the auction. If no one bids at the initial minimum bid, the auctioneer may lower the minimum bid so as to create interest in the item. The minimum bid differs from a reserve price (see definition), in that the auctioneer sets the minimum bid, while the seller
belt who had previously been featured in Bruce Lee's American–Hong Kong martial arts film Enter the Dragon (1973) and worked with Chuck Norris at American Tang Soo Do martial arts schools. Johnson also makes an appearance as the referee in The Karate Kid. Pat Morita's stunt double for Mr. Miyagi, Fumio Demura, is also a karate black belt who had previously worked with Bruce Lee, who learnt some nunchaku techniques from Demura. The musical score for The Karate Kid was
besiege the city of Sarajevo. President of Peru Alberto Fujimori issues Decree Law 25418, dissolving the Congress of the Republic of Peru, imposing censorship and having opposition politicians arrested, setting off the 1992 Peruvian constitutional crisis. April 6 – The Republic of Ilirida is proclaimed by Albanian Macedonian activists in Struga, Republic of Macedonia. Windows 3.1 is released to manufacturing by Microsoft. April 7 – The United States recognizes the independence of Slovenia, Croatia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina. The European
best route runner I've ever seen". One of the best-known examples of his dedication and ethic was "The Hill," a steep hill in Edgewood County Park & Natural Preserve which is 2.5 miles (4 km) long. Rice sprinted across the hill every day during the offseason to improve his abilities. In 1999, Rice was ranked No. 2 on the Sporting News' list of the 100 Greatest Football Players, behind only Jim Brown, and was 35 places ahead of the next-highest-ranked
best-selling home and handheld console game of 2001 as well as the fourth best-selling PlayStation game, having sold 761,263 copies by the end of the year. By May 2003, the game sold eight million copies, making it the sixth best-selling PlayStation game and one of the best-selling video games of all time at that point. The PlayStation version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in
better systems to respond to a crisis; establish a new treaty framework for energy co-operation with Russia while improving relations with energy-rich states in Central Asia and North Africa; use existing energy supplies more efficiently while increasing renewable energy commercialisation; and finally increase funding for new energy technologies. In 2007, EU countries as a whole imported 82 per cent of their oil, 57 per cent of their natural gas and 97.48 per cent of their uranium demands. The three largest
between 1968 and 1975, most of which remains unheard publicly. According to Mike Love, Wilson had "lost interest in the mechanical aspect" of recording, deferring technical work to Carl. Early in 1969, the Beach Boys commenced recording Sunflower (August 1970). Wilson contributed numerous songs, though most were excluded from the final track selection. He co-wrote and produced the single "Break Away" with his father in early 1969, after which he largely withdrew from studio work until August. The group faced
between latitudes 18° and 54° N, and longitudes 73° and 135° E. The geographical center of China is marked by the Center of the Country Monument at 35°50′40.9″N 103°27′7.5″E. China's landscapes vary significantly across its vast territory. In the east, along the shores of the Yellow Sea and the East China Sea, there are extensive and densely populated alluvial plains, while on the edges of the Inner Mongolian plateau in the north, broad grasslands predominate. Southern China is dominated by
between partners as to the meaning of a particular call or defensive play. There are two types of call agreements: (1) when the call is natural, the agreement is said to be a treatment, and (2) when the call is artificial, the agreement is said to be a convention. Air, as "on air" (Slang) To win a trick with a high card while capturing only small cards, commonly said of a defensive play. In the example at right, when South
between the member states is aided by the removal of barriers to trade such as tariffs and border controls. In the eurozone, trade is helped by not having any currency differences to deal with amongst most members. Externally, the EU's free-trade agreement with Japan is perhaps its most notable one. The EU-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement was officially signed on 17 July 2018, becoming the world's largest bilateral free trade deal when it went into effect on 1 February 2019, creating
between the two countries in the successive years. In June 1972, Soviet Ambassador Rodionov said, "the Soviet Union had always stood and would stand for the unity and territorial integrity of Pakistan". The USSR aided Pakistan economically on several technical and industrial projects. A 2019 study argues "that Nixon and Kissinger routinely demonstrated psychological biases that led them to overestimate the likelihood of West Pakistani victory" in the war, and that they overestimated "the importance of the crisis to broader
between the two countries. This was followed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's visit to Tehran for the 8th OIC Summit Conference on 9–11 December 1997. While there, Sharif held talks with Iranian President Mohammad Khatami, with a view to improving bilateral relations, as well as finding a solution to the crisis in Afghanistan. Chief Executive of Pakistan under a military dictatorship, General Pervez Musharraf paid a two-day visit to Tehran on 8–9 December 1999. This was his first visit to
bewildered-looking man of 61 who barely plays the piano he's perched behind. [...] its [sic] hard to feel uplifted, as such." Critic Barney Hoskyns wrote that it was "a pretty magnificent evening", although Wilson's apathetic demeanor resembled that of an autistic person's. Hoskyns mused, "As bizarrely not-there as Brian seemed through all of this, he seemed to be enjoying himself as much as he is able to. Occasionally he flapped his arms about, and he made a big point of
bicycles remain a common mode of transport, despite the increasing prevalence of automobiles – as of 2023, there are approximately 200 million bicycles in China. China's railways, which are operated by the state-owned China Railway, are among the busiest in the world. As of 2025, the country had 165,000 km (102,526 mi) of railways, the second-longest network in the world. The railways strain to meet enormous demand particularly during the Chinese New Year holiday, when the world's largest annual human
bid A bid that has no correlation to the bidder's hand, aiming to disturb conventions. Stepping-stone squeeze A squeeze that forces a defender either to be thrown in to act as a stepping-stone to a stranded dummy, or to allow declarer to establish a suit. Sticks and wheels (Slang, chiefly British) An 1100-point penalty. Compare "go for a number". Stiff (Slang, adjective and noun) A singleton. Stop An instruction given to opponents when you make a jump bid, or skip
bid and made are entered below the line. See Bridge scoring. ACBL American Contract Bridge League, the sport governing body for bridge in North America – defined as Bermuda, Canada, Mexico, and the United States – and the sponsoring organization of North American Bridge Championships (NABC). Its members are players, grouped in regional districts and local units for some purposes. Contrast USBF. Acol An approach–forcing, natural bidding system, based on a weak NT and 4-card majors, popular in the United
bid of two of a suit so as to indicate a strong hand and a strong holding in the bid suit. Stub (Slang) Part-score. Sucker double (Slang) An ill-advised penalty double, such as one based on HCP when the bidding warns of freak distributions. Suit A ranked division of the deck of cards into (in descending rank order) spades, hearts, diamonds and clubs. The suit ranking has a profound effect on the bidding and scoring, but none at all on
bid or contract states will be taken. For example, a bid at the four level contracts to take (6 + 4) = 10 tricks. 2) The property of a contract that states whether it is at the part-score, game or slam level. Lever (Slang, verb) To double. (In Britain at least, a penalty double: Leave 'er in. The past participle "levered" means, doubled for penalties.) LHO Left-hand opponent Light (Adv.) To enter the auction with relatively low values (for example,
bid that has a preemptive effect, regardless of its intent. Preference A call that returns the bidding to partner's first-bid suit; for example, in 1♥ – 1♠; 2♦ – 2♥, 2♥ is a preference. A simple, non-jump preference shows neither strength nor support for the suit; it is simply a return to partner's presumably longer suit. Prepared bid A bid which differs from usual partnership practice that is chosen to avoid a later bidding problem. For example, playing five-card majors
bid that shows strength or an unusual hand, or a particular distribution. A bid that shows a control in a suit (usually with an ace or king, sometimes with a void), but does not indicate length or strength in the suit otherwise. See control bid. Partnership agreements indicate when in an uncontested auction a bid is considered a cuebid. Usually used in exploring for a slam contract (see Bridge conventions (slam seeking)), or for showing stoppers needed for a notrump
bid that suggests a balanced hand, (4) a double that suggests the ability to defeat the opponent's contract, (5) a redouble to suggest that the contract can be made in the face of a double by opponents, or (6) a pass that suggests weakness, satisfaction with the last bid made or no desire to make a further call. Contrast Artificial. NBB Nederlandse Bridge Bond (Dutch Bridge League). Negative double A conventional call used by responder in a competitive auction to
bid which invites the partner to bid on to game or slam if he has extra values. It is a non-forcing bid by definition. Compare semi-forcing bid. IPBM International Popular Bridge Monthly, a British bridge magazine. Iron Duke, Not through the A hackneyed phrase that describes the play of a high card by a player whose high card holding is led through; or, that player's statement. Irregularity A breach of procedure, as described in the Laws and Proprieties, in bidding
bid, there will quickly be several other, higher bids submitted. Experienced auctioneers will often select an SOB that is about 45 percent of the (lowest) estimate. Thus there is a certain margin of safety to ensure that there will indeed be a lively auction with many bids submitted. Several observations indicate that the lower the SOB, the higher the final winning bid. This is due to the increase in the number of bidders attracted by the low SOB. A chi-squared
bidders, although at that time there may be higher absentee bids held by the auctioneer which are not known to potential bidders. The English auction is commonly used for selling goods, most prominently antiques and artwork, but also secondhand goods and real estate. Auction by the candle. A type of auction, used in England for selling ships, in which the highest bid laid on the table wins after a burning candle goes out. Scottish auction is an auction where all
bidding and making the game is awarded a bonus. See bridge scoring. In rubber bridge and Chicago, a score of 100 or more points below the line, achieved either by making a game contract or by converting a part score. Game force (GF or FG) A bid that asks partner not to pass before the partnership's bidding has reached game (or the opponents have been doubled at a level high enough to compensate). Some treatments relax the requirement: for example,
bidding system that combines the features of Kaplan–Sheinwold with a strong, artificial 1♣ opening bid. Preempt, preemptive bid, or preemptive raise 1) A bid (or raise) predicated on length of a suit rather than overall strength, primary function of which is to interfere with the opponents' bidding by taking away bidding space they need to exchange information. 2) (Noun) A bid that has a preemptive effect, regardless of its intent. Preference A call that returns the bidding to partner's first-bid
bidding system that mandates a pass by first (or second) hand to show what other systems would regard as an opening bid. A corollary is that if the next hand also passes, third (or fourth) hand must bid to keep the deal from being passed out. Strong two bid, strong two-bid, or Strong Two An agreement to use an opening bid of two of a suit so as to indicate a strong hand and a strong holding in the bid
bidding, that its contract will succeed. It is the point below which the partnership prefers to explore even higher contracts. Also, "security level." Safety play A play that maximizes the chances for fulfilling the contract (or for achieving a certain score) by avoiding a play which might result in a higher score. Contrast Percentage play, the best play in a suit, whereas a safety play is the best line for the contract. Sandbag (Slang) To bid weakly or pass with
bidding. Pard (Slang) Partner. Part score, or part-score 1) A trick score less than 100, obtained by making a contract. 2) The contract that results in that trick score. 3) In rubber bridge, a total of fewer than 100 points below the line. Partial A part score. Partial elimination An endplay in which declarer is unable to remove all possible safe defensive exit cards, and must hope that the remaining cards are so distributed that the defense cannot get off
bids consists of multiple-attributes, it is a multi-attribute auction. A Yankee auction is a single-attribute multiunit auction running like a Dutch auction, where the bids are the portions of a total amount of identical units. The amount of auctioned items is firm in a Yankee auction unlike a Brazilian auction. The portions of the total amount, bidders can bid, are limited to lower numbers than the total amount. Therefore, only a portion of the total amount will be traded for
bids of Bidders B & D is higher ($60) than for Bidders A and C ($55). Deferred-acceptance auction is a special case of a combinatorial auction. Another special case of a combinatorial auction is the combinatorial clock auction (CCA), which combines a clock auction, during which bidders may provide their confirmations in response to the rising prices, with a subsequantial sealed bid auction, in which bidders submit sealed package bids. The auctioneer uses the final bids to compute the best
bids. The bidding cards are laid out in sequence as the auction progresses. Although it is not a formal rule, many clubs adopt a protocol that the bidding cards stay revealed until the first playing card is tabled, after which point the bidding cards are put away. Bidding pads are an alternative to bidding boxes. A bidding pad is a block of 100mm square tear-off sheets. Players write their bids on the top sheet. When the first trick is complete
biggest sleeper hit of the year. Following the release of Cobra Kai, The Karate Kid re-releases in 2018 and 2019 grossed a further $400,529 in the United States and Canada, bringing its domestic total to $100,400,529 (equivalent to $311,000,000 in 2025). In the United Kingdom, the film topped the box office for two weeks and grossed £2,960,939 ($3,947,919). By 1989, the film had grossed $130 million worldwide. Between 2018 and 2020, the film grossed a further $400,529 in the United
bilateral agreements between Iranian and Pakistan authorities. Techno-entrepreneurship is the highly trending topic of discussion in the global development and in ECO region (Pakistan-Iran-Turkey), a lot of joint projects have been executed since 2016. ScienceTech+ Center was the first joint techno-entrepreneurship center, which was established by the Pakistani and Iranian entrepreneurs in a joint agreement between CODE Entrepreneurship Consultants Ltd (Pakistan) and Ideparvaran MashreghQazal Ltd (Iran). Several events under this platform are being organized by the [Pakistani in Iran] and
bill in July 1866 that required state legislatures to elect senators by an absolute majority. By the 1890s, support for the introduction of direct election for the Senate had substantially increased, and reformers worked on two fronts. On the first front, the Populist Party incorporated the direct election of senators into its Omaha Platform, adopted in 1892. In 1908, Oregon passed the first law basing the selection of U.S. senators on a popular vote. Oregon was soon followed by Nebraska.
billed as his final performances of the album. In a Rolling Stone interview later that year, he responded to a retirement question by stating he would rather continue touring than sit idle. In 2019, Wilson embarked on a co-headlining tour with the Zombies, performing selections from Friends and Surf's Up. Around this time, he had had two back surgeries that left him reliant on a walker. Later in the year, he postponed some concert dates due to worsening mental health.
black Ferguson unrest List of ethnic riots § United States List of incidents of civil unrest in the United States Mass racial violence in the United States May 1998 riots of Indonesia Police brutality in the United States Race in the United States criminal justice system Racism against Black Americans Racism in the United States Long, hot summer of 1967 George Floyd protests Killing of Trayvon Martin Simultaneous 1992 riots: West Las Vegas riots Other Los Angeles riots: Zoot Suit
blame squarely on Pakistan Army generals, accusing them of debauchery, smuggling, war crimes and neglect of duty. The War Commission had recommended public trial of Pakistan Army generals on the charges that they had been responsible for the situation in the first place and that they had succumbed without a fight, but no actions were ever taken against those responsible, except the dismissal of chiefs of the Pakistan Army, Pakistan Air Force, Pakistan Navy, and decommissioning of the Pakistan Marines.
block of 100mm square tear-off sheets. Players write their bids on the top sheet. When the first trick is complete the sheet is torn off and discarded. In top national and international events, "bidding screens" are used. These are placed diagonally across the table, preventing partners from seeing each other during the game; often the screen is removed after the auction is complete. Much of the complexity in bridge arises from the difficulty of arriving at a good final contract
blog for new and experienced singers. "Wiregrass Sacred Harp Singers Era 1980". Musics of Alabama: A Compilation. Alabama Center for Traditional Culture. Archived from the original on 8 January 2013. Public-domain editions: The Sacred Harp (1860); The Sacred Harp, J.S. James revision (1911); see also public-domain shape-note tunebooks Southern Field Recordings, a large collection of recordings of Sacred Harp singings in the American South BostonSing, a large collection of shape-note recordings "Sacred Harp Bremen". Includes all the songs in the
blues guitarist, 57 August 16 – Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, qawwali singer and world music ambassador, 48 September 5 – Sir Georg Solti, conductor, 84 September 8 – Derek Taylor, press agent for The Beatles, 65 September 17 – Anthony Franchini, Italian American guitarist, 99 September 18 – Jimmy Witherspoon, blues singer, 77 September 19 – Rich Mullins, singer, 41 September 28 – Munir Bashir, musician and oud player, 66–67 October 5 – Arthur Tracy, singer, 98 October 12
board. This becomes the deadliest aviation accident in Indonesian history. An earthquake strikes the Italian regions of Umbria and Marche, causing part of the Basilica of St. Francis at Assisi to collapse. September 27 The sports-fused entertainment TV program SASUKE started on TBS in Japan. October 1 – Luke Woodham walks into Pearl High School in Pearl, Mississippi and opens fire, killing two girls, after killing his mother earlier that morning. October 2 – British scientists Moira Bruce and John
bona fides of the United States as an ally, and in direct violation of the US Congress-imposed sanctions on Pakistan, Nixon sent military supplies to Pakistan and routed them through Jordan and Iran, while also encouraging China to increase its arms supplies to Pakistan. The Nixon administration also ignored reports it received of the genocidal activities of the Pakistani Army in East Pakistan, most notably the Blood telegram. Nixon denied getting involved in the situation, saying that it was an
book), and New Jersey (Cooper book). The Colored Sacred Harp is limited to the New Jersey and south Alabama–Florida groups. Sacred Harp was "exported" from south Alabama to New Jersey. It appears to have died out among the African-Americans in eastern Texas. Beginning in the mid-20th century, Sacred Harp singing grew in popularity with participants who did not grow up in the tradition, including singers outside Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi and Texas. New singers typically strive to follow the historically Southern
books about his life: Rice (with Michael Silver, published 1996, ISBN 0-312-14795-3) and Go Long: My Journey Beyond the Game and the Fame (with Brian Curtis, published 2007, ISBN 0-345-49611-6). In 2019, he co-authored a book America's Game: The NFL at 100 (with Randy O. Williams, ISBN 978-0062692900), celebrating the 100th anniversary of the National Football League. Rice and his dog, Nitus, were featured in Jerry Rice & Nitus' Dog Football, a video game for the Wii that was released
books). Like Austen's heroines, Harry often finds himself re-examining his beliefs as the books draw to a close. Also reminiscent of Austen is the lively social custom of the communal reading of letters. Furthermore, both authors satirise social behaviour and give characters names that reinforce their personalities. However, for Nel, one point of divergence between the two authors is that Rowling's humor tends towards caricature, with names resembling those found in the works of Charles Dickens. Amanda Cockrell further noted
border guards but had heavy IAF support. This company held several anti-tank guns, cannons and howitzers. The initial Pakistani armored advance was stalled by the Indian Anti-tank and Anti-Mech defenses from high ground and the Pakistani sappers were also pushed back by Indian small arm and artillery cannon fire. The IAF 122 squadron under the command of Wing Cdr D. M. Conquest equipped with Hawker Hunter and HAL HF-24 Marut also bombed the Pakistani units. By 7 December the Battle
border regions of Pakistan's Balochistan and Iran's Sistan-Baluchestan. Due to international sanctions and poor infrastructure in border areas, the potential of bilateral trade has not been fully realized, and there are problems with smuggling and drug trafficking. In 2005, Iran and Pakistan had conducted US$500 million of trade. The land border at Taftan is the conduit for trade in electricity and oil. Iran is extending its railway network towards Taftan. Trade between the two countries has increased by £1.4 billion
bordure Argent (three golden crowns ordered vertically on a blue background with a white border). A variant of the arms of the ancient royal province of Meath were also apparently used at one time as the arms of Ireland. The design of the harp used by the modern Irish state is based on the Brian Boru harp, a late-medieval Gaelic harp now in Trinity College Dublin. The design is by an English sculptor, Percy Metcalfe. Metcalfe's design was in response
both countries, was signed by President Zardari and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran. In 2009, India withdrew from the project over pricing and security issues, and after signing another civilian nuclear deal with the United States in 2008. However, in March 2010 India called on Pakistan and Iran for trilateral talks to be held in May 2010 in Tehran. According to the initial design of the project, the 2,700 km long pipeline was to cover around 1,100 km in Iran,
both left before the start of training camp. Rice studied receiving techniques from Gloster Richardson, stating: "I soaked up everything I could." In 1981, Rice's freshman season, he caught 30 passes for 428 yards and two touchdowns. In 1982, his sophomore year, Rice played his first season with freshman quarterback Willie Totten. They became friends and practiced into the evening. Under the direction of Cooley, Mississippi Valley State ran an "unusual" offense, playing four wide receivers who tended to line
both of the President and Vice President, declaring what officer shall then be President, or, in case of inability, act as President, and such officer shall be or act as President accordingly, until a President shall be elected or, in case of inability, until the inability shall be earlier removed. The commencement and termination of any inability shall be determined by such method as Congress shall by law provide. Senators raised concerns that the Congress could either abuse such authority
both the British English "mum" and Seamus Finnigan's Irish variant "mam" to the American variant "mom" in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, she vetoed this change in the later books, which was then reversed in later editions of Philosopher's Stone. However, Nel considered that Scholastic's translations were considerably more sensitive than most of those imposed on British English books of the time and that some other changes could be regarded as useful copyedits. Since the UK editions of early
breeds Mongrel Andersen, Erin (23 July 2006). "Custom canines". Lincoln Journal Star. Retrieved 23 December 2019.{{cite news}}: CS1 maint: deprecated archival service (link) Choron, Sandra; Choron, Harry (2005). Planet Dog: A Doglopedia. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Co. ISBN 9780618517527. Retrieved 2020-09-26. Conklin, Lisa Marie (16 July 2019). "The Cutest Mixed Breed Dogs You'll Want to Bring Home". Reader's Digest. Archived from the original on 22 December 2019. Retrieved 23 December 2019. DK Publishing (2013). The dog encyclopedia: the definitive visual guide.
breeds. Bishop, Joseph Bucklin, ed. Theodore Roosevelt's Letters to His Children. New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1919. Letters from 1898–1911. Kane, Alice J. (2004). Rat Terrier: a Comprehensive Owner's Guide (Special Limited Edition). Kennel Club Books ISBN 1-59378-367-1. Rat Terrier Club of America. "What is Their Temperament Like?". Retrieved August 30, 2007. Orthopedic Foundation for Animals Teddy Roosevelt Terrier Primary Lens Luxation Test Results. Retrieved September 12, 2012. History of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier United Teddy Roosevelt Terrier Club of
bridge the cards are pre-dealt, either by hand or by a computerized dealing machine, in order to allow for competitive scoring. Once dealt, the cards are placed in a device called a "board", having slots designated for each player's cardinal direction seating position. After a deal has been played, players return their cards to the appropriate slot in the board, ready to be played by the next table. The dealer opens the auction and can make the first call, and
bridge worse than others in their usual level of play Panama A defence to a Strong Club whereby two-level bids show the suit bid or the other three suits. Par, or par score On a given deal, the score that results from best bidding and best play by both sides. See optimum contract and par contract. Par contest A competition that uses composed deals, designed to test each pair's bidding and its card play. After the bidding, pairs are instructed
broke out between Bengalis and Urdu-speaking Biharis. An estimated 10 million Bengali refugees fled to neighboring India, while 30 million were internally displaced. The war changed the geopolitical landscape of South Asia, with the emergence of Bangladesh as the world's seventh-most populous country. Due to complex regional alliances, the war was a major episode in Cold War tensions involving the United States, the Soviet Union and China. The majority of member states in the United Nations recognized Bangladesh as a
brother Carl and their mother Audree. In later years, many writers found Wilson challenging to interview, as his responses were usually curt or lacking in substance, and he often ended interviews abruptly. A second memoir, I Am Brian Wilson, written by journalist Ben Greenman after several months of interviews, followed in October 2015. Asked about negative remarks in the book, Love rejected Wilson as its author and argued that he was "not in charge of his life, like I am
brother George. Aboard the Hogwarts Express, Albus befriends Scorpius Malfoy, the son of Harry's former foe Draco and his wife, Astoria. In a break with the tradition of Potters being sorted into Gryffindor, Albus is sorted into Slytherin alongside Scorpius. Both boys are bullied over the next years, with Albus perceived as failing to live up to his parents, and Scorpius being rumoured to be the son of Lord Voldemort. During this time, Astoria passes away due to an inherited
bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth. Neville Longbottom is a plump, diffident boy, so forgetful that his grandmother gives him a Remembrall, to remind him if he forgets something. Neville's magical abilities are weak and appeared just in time to save his life when he was eight. Despite his timidity, Neville will fight anyone after some encouragement or if he thinks it is right and important. Rubeus Hagrid, a half-giant nearly 12 feet (3.7 m) tall, with tangled
but eventually it landed in Moreton Bay near Brisbane. A pub in Sydney, Australia, in the 19th century that catered to Irish immigrants was called The Erin-Go-Bragh. At the height of decades of negotiation regarding home rule in Ireland, in the late 19th century the Irish Unionist Party used the slogan on a banner at one of their conventions, expressing their pride in Irish identity. In the late 19th century, the Edinburgh football club Hibernian F.C. adopted Erin Go Bragh
but failed to elicit any response, despite External Affairs Minister Swaran Singh meeting foreign ministers of other countries. Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on 27 March 1971 concluded that, instead of taking in millions of refugees, it was better to go to war with Pakistan, and expressed the full support of her government for the independence struggle of the people of East Pakistan. On 28 April 1971, the Union cabinet ordered the Chief of the Army Staff General Sam Manekshaw to
but he beat him" in reference to Game of Death, to which Avildsen confirmed it. Avildsen was then convinced to cast Zabka for the role. Helen Hunt and Demi Moore were also considered for the role of Ali, but Elisabeth Shue was cast based partly on a Burger King commercial that became widely popular in the early 1980s. The film marks the debut roles of both Zabka and Shue. Late in production, Valerie Harper was considered for the role of
but it is frequently done to force the opponents to use their entries too soon. (Noun) The act of holding up a winner. Holding The cards in a player's hand at a particular point in the play (often, at the start of the play). The cards in a specific suit in a player's hand. Honor/honour, or honor/honour card An ace, king, queen, jack or ten. Honors/honours, or honor/honour bonus At rubber bridge and Chicago, a scoring bonus. The bonus is
but not including the reserve price, and is also known as off-the-wall bidding. A ring can also be used to increase the price of an auction lot, in which the owner of the object being auctioned may increase competition by taking part in the bidding themself, but drop out of the bidding just before the final bid. This form of a ring was used as a central plot device in an episode of the British television series Lovejoy (series 4,
but they were the exception rather than the norm; many legislatures did not deadlock over elections at all. Most of those that did in the 19th century were the newly admitted western states, which suffered from "inexperienced legislatures and weak party discipline ... as western legislatures gained experience, deadlocks became less frequent." While Utah suffered from deadlocks in 1897 and 1899, they became what Zywicki refers to as "a good teaching experience", and Utah never again failed to elect senators.
but was excluded from the film's soundtrack album. Other songs featured in the film but left off the album include "Please Answer Me" performed by Broken Edge and "The Ride" performed by The Matches. The film was a commercial success, grossing $100 million in the United States and Canada to become one of the highest-grossing films of 1984 and Hollywood's biggest sleeper hit of the year. Following the release of Cobra Kai, The Karate Kid re-releases in 2018 and 2019
but was one of the first proposed. The 1st Congress submitted the amendment to the states for ratification on September 25, 1789, along with 11 other proposed amendments (Articles I–XII). The last ten Articles were ratified in 1791 to become the Bill of Rights, but the first two, the Twenty-seventh Amendment and the proposed Congressional Apportionment Amendment, were not ratified by enough states to come into force with them. The proposed congressional pay amendment was largely forgotten until 1982, when
by 2050 were suggested in 2018–2019. Almost all member states supported that goal at an EU summit in June 2019. The Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, and Poland disagreed. In June 2021, the European Union passed a European Climate Law with targets of 55% GHG emissions reduction by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050. Also in the same year, the European Union and the United States pledged to cut methane emissions by 30% by 2030. The pledge is considered as a
by Andrew Law (1749–1821) in his The Musical Primer of 1803. Although this book came out two years later than Smith and Little's book, Law claimed earlier invention of shape notes. In his system, a square indicated fa, a circle sol, a triangle la and a diamond, mi. Law used the shaped notes without a musical staff. The Smith and Little shapes ultimately prevailed. Shape notes became very popular, and during the first part of the nineteenth century, a whole
by Billy Crystal, are held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, with The English Patient winning Best Picture. During the event, the DVD format is launched in the United States. March 24–26 – In San Diego, 39 Heaven's Gate cultists commit mass suicide at their compound. March 26 – Julius Chan resigns as prime minister of Papua New Guinea, effectively ending the Sandline affair. April 3 – The Thalit massacre in Algeria: all but 1 of the 53 inhabitants
by Columbia Pictures to compose a film similar to Avildsen's previous success Rocky (1976), after Columbia signed the director. Kamen drew inspiration from the real-life events of an eight-year-old Tum Pai student's story in Hawaii when writing the film. As a result, he maintained strong opinions regarding cast, and petitioned heavily for Morita's inclusion. Preparations for the film began immediately after the final edit of the script was complete, and casting took place between April and June 1983. Principal photography
by Flux Games and published by GameMill Entertainment titled Cobra Kai 2: Dojos Rising was released on November 8, 2022, for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows via Steam, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S. Characters and elements from Cobra Kai have appeared in the Roblox experience Netflix Nextworld. In 2023, Asmodee released the board game Cobra Kai: Road to Victory. Cobra Kai on Netflix (includes trailers for all seasons) Cobra Kai at IMDb The Karate Kid and Cobra
by India. But some in India felt the treaty had been too lenient to Bhutto, who had pleaded for leniency, arguing that the fragile democracy in Pakistan would crumble if Pakistanis perceived the accord as overly harsh. Reaction to the defeat and dismemberment of half the nation was a shocking loss to top military and civilians alike. Few had expected that they would lose the formal war in under a fortnight, and there was also unsettlement over what was perceived
by John H. Gill Actual conversation from the then US President Nixon and Henry Kissinger during the 1971 War – US Department of State's Official archive. Indian Army: Major Operations Pakistan: Partition and Military Succession USA Archives Pakistan intensifies air raid on India BBC A day by day account of the war as seen in a virtual newspaper. The Tilt: The U.S. and the South Asian Crisis of 1971. 16 December 1971: any lessons learned? By Ayaz Amir – Pakistan's
by Lowell Mason, which advocated a more "scientific" style of sacred music, more closely based on the harmonic styles of contemporaneous European music. The new style gradually prevailed. Shape notes and their music disappeared from the cities prior to the Civil War, and from the rural areas of the Northeast and Midwest in the following decades. However, they retained a haven in the rural South, which remained a fertile territory for the creation of new shapenote publications. Sacred Harp singing
by Microsoft. April 7 – The United States recognizes the independence of Slovenia, Croatia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina. The European Communities also recognizes Bosnia and Herzegovina. April 9 A jury in Miami, Florida, convicts former Panamanian ruler Manuel Noriega of assisting Colombia's cocaine cartel. In the United Kingdom general election the Conservative Party led by Prime Minister of the United Kingdom John Major narrowly retains power. April 10 First Nagorno-Karabakh War: Maraga massacre – At least 43 Armenian civilians are
by New Zealand's Brendon McCullum, who scored 100 runs from 54 balls in his final Test match. The trend of countries playing more Test matches in the modern era means that the aggregate lists are dominated by modern players. Sri Lankan spinner Muttiah Muralitharan became the highest Test wicket-taker in December 2007, when he passed Shane Warne's total of 708 wickets. Within a year, the equivalent batting record of highest run-scorer had also changed hands: Sachin Tendulkar surpassed the tally
by Steven Hoggett, set design by Christine Jones, costume design by Katrina Lindsay, lighting design by Neil Austin, music by Imogen Heap, and sound design by Gareth Fry. In addition, special effects were created by Jeremy Chernick, with illusions by Jamie Harrison, and musical supervision by Martin Lowe. The producers and Rowling have maintained a campaign called #KeepTheSecrets to ask people who have seen the play not to reveal its major twists. The slogan is printed on the tickets for
by The Daily Mirror, Amazon paid £160 million for all three series. Wilman denied the show cost this much, but did admit the show was costly, partially due to Amazon's intent to have it filmed in 4K resolutions. The production of this show would be based in the United Kingdom, and done by W Chump & Sons, a company set up by Wilman, Clarkson, Hammond and May. The show's name, The Grand Tour, was revealed in May 2016. Clarkson said
by a bidder, immediately ends the auction and awards the item to them (an example is eBay's "Buy It Now" feature). Choice – a form of bidding whereby a number of identical or similar items are bid at a single price for each item. Clearance rate – the percentage of items that sell over the course of the auction. Commission – a fee paid by a consignor/seller to the auction house; it is typically calculated as a percentage of the
by a female music artist. November 6 – The Spice Girls make the decision to take over the running of the group and drop Simon Fuller as their manager. November 18 – American indie rock band Modest Mouse release their second full-length album, The Lonesome Crowded West. November 19 – Gary Glitter is arrested after images of child pornography are found on a laptop computer that he had taken in for repairs. November 22 – INXS lead singer Michael Hutchence
by a group of Black men who came to be known as the "LA Four". The attack was recorded on video from Tur's and Gerrard's news helicopter, and broadcast live on US national television. Goldman captured the end of the attack and a close-up of Denny's bloody face. As the LA Four fled, another quartet of Black residents came to Denny's aid, placing him back in his truck, in which one of the rescuers drove him to the hospital. Denny
by a number of bodies, including the European Defence Agency, European Union Satellite Centre and the European Union Military Staff. The European Union Military Staff is the highest military institution of the European Union, established within the framework of the European Council, and follows on from the decisions of the Helsinki European Council (10–11 December 1999), which called for the establishment of permanent political-military institutions. The European Union Military Staff is under the authority of the High Representative of the
by another Indian attack on the port of Karachi on the night of 8/9 December 1971 under the codename Python. A squadron of Indian Navy's Osa missile boats approached the Karachi port and launched a series of Soviet-acquired Styx missiles, that resulted in further destruction of reserve fuel tanks and the sinking of three Pakistani merchant ships, as well as foreign ships docked in Karachi. The PAF did not attack the Indian Navy ships, and confusion remained the next day
by enough states to come into force with them. The proposed congressional pay amendment was largely forgotten until 1982, when Gregory Watson, a 19-year-old student at the University of Texas at Austin, wrote a paper for a government class in which he claimed that the amendment could still be ratified. He later launched a nationwide campaign to complete its ratification. The amendment eventually became part of the United States Constitution, effective May 5, 1992. The idea behind this amendment is
by facilitating a rapprochement between Pakistan and Afghanistan. Iran's reaction to India's surprise 1974 nuclear test detonation (codenamed Smiling Buddha) was muted. During a state visit to Iran in 1977, Pakistani PM Bhutto tried to persuade Pahlavi to support Pakistan's own clandestine atomic bomb project. Although the Shah's response is not officially known, there are indications that he refused to oblige Bhutto. In July 1977, following political agitation by an opposition alliance, Bhutto was forced out of office in a
by featuring contemporary ethical and social issues, as well as showing overcoming obstacles like bullying. The Harry Potter series has been used as a source of object lessons in educational techniques, sociological analysis, and marketing. Harry Potter lives with his abusive uncle and aunt, Vernon and Petunia Dursley, and their bullying son, Dudley, in the fictional English town of Little Whinging. On Harry's eleventh birthday, he learns that he is a wizard when a man named Rubeus Hagrid invites him
by law enforcement had remained largely unaddressed years later. Davis described this as a "conspiracy of silence", especially in view of statements made by the Los Angeles Police Department that they would make reforms coming to little fruition. Davis argued that the rioting was different from in the 1965 Watts Riots, which had been more unified among all minorities living in Watts and South Central; the 1992 riots, on the other hand, were characterized by divided uproars that defied description
by liberal middle-class opinion. In Principles of Political Economy (1871) John Stuart Mill wrote: If it were possible for the working classes, by combining among themselves, to raise or keep up the general rate of wages, it needs hardly be said that this would be a thing not to be punished, but to be welcomed and rejoiced at. Unfortunately the effect is quite beyond attainment by such means. The multitudes who compose the working class are too numerous and too
by other approaches such as losing trick count, honor point count, law of total tricks, or Zar Points. Common conventions and variations within natural systems include: Blackwood (either the original version or Roman Key Card) How the partnership's bidding practices will be varied if their opponents intervene or compete. Point count required for 1 NT opening bid ('mini' 10–12, 'weak' 12–14, 'strong' 15–17 or 16–18) Stayman (together with Blackwood, described as "the two most famous conventions in Bridge".) What types
by president Koen Lenaerts since 2015. The CJEU is the highest court of the European Union in matters of Union law. Its case-law provides that EU law has supremacy over any national law that is inconsistent with EU law. It is not possible to appeal against the decisions of national courts in the CJEU, but rather national courts refer questions of EU law to the CJEU (a preliminary reference). However, it is ultimately for the national court to apply the
by releasing a round note edition. The third Sacred Harp was the one by B. F. White and E. J. King (1844), the origin of today's Sacred Harp singing tradition. Lastly, according to W. J. Reynolds, writing in Hymns of Our Faith, there was yet a fourth Sacred Harp – The Sacred Harp published by J. M. D. Cates in Nashville, Tennessee in 1867. Awake, My Soul: The Story of the Sacred Harp Chattahoochee Musical Convention East Texas Musical Convention
by ruffing with a trump lower in rank than an opponent's trump. The coup en passant is an example of an elopement. Encrypted An agreement that the meaning of bids or card signals may change as more information about a deal becomes available. For example, when declarer shows out of a suit, the defenders can tell whether the rank of West's lowest remaining card in the suit is even or odd (and declarer probably does not have that information). The
by such method as Congress shall by law provide. Senators raised concerns that the Congress could either abuse such authority or neglect to enact any such legislation after the adoption of this proposal. Tennessee senator Estes Kefauver, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Constitutional Amendments, a longtime advocate for addressing the disability question, spearheaded the effort until he died in August 1963. Keating was defeated in the 1964 election, but Senator Roman Hruska of Nebraska took up
by the Beach Boys, while Brackett characterized Wilson's "rise and fall and rise" as a "downright Shakespearean" story. Ultimately, he became regarded as the most famous outsider musician. Wilson has been declared the "godfather" of punk, indie rock, and emo. Principally through his early collaborations with Mike Love, Wilson was a key influence on the development of punk rock and the movement's evolution into indie rock. According to critic Carl Wilson (no relation to the Beach Boys' Carl Wilson), punk
by the Carolina Panthers in the first round with the 24th overall pick in the 2018 NFL Draft. Moore was the first wide receiver drafted. On June 18, 2018, he signed a four-year deal worth $11.2 million featuring a $6.2 million signing bonus. Moore made his NFL debut in the Panthers' season opener against the Dallas Cowboys. In the 16–8 victory, he had no targets but did have a three-yard rush to go along with a 15-yard punt return. In
by the European Communities. First confirmed detection of exoplanets with announcement of the discovery of several terrestrial-mass planets orbiting the pulsar PSR B1257+12, by radio astronomers Aleksander Wolszczan and Dale Frail working in the United States. January 15 – The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia begins to break up; Slovenia and Croatia gain independence and international recognition in some Western countries. January 16 – El Salvador officials and rebel leaders sign the Chapultepec Peace Accords in Mexico City, ending the
by the Government of India, in 1973, in the Civil service category, for his contributions during the Indo-Pakistani war of 1971. O. P. Bahl, an IOFS officer. Former Additional Director General Ordnance Factories and Member of the Ordnance Factory Board. Received Padma Shri, in 1972 in the civil-service category for his efforts during the war. On 28 March 2012, President of Bangladesh Zillur Rahman and the Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina conferred Bangladesh Liberation War Honour and Friends of Liberation War
by the Israeli Labor Party under the leadership of Yitzhak Rabin, ousting a Likud government. June 25 – The Black Sea Economic Cooperation (BSEC) is founded. June 26 – Denmark beats Germany 2–0 in the final to win the 1992 UEFA European Football Championship at Ullevi Stadium in Gothenburg, Sweden. June 28 – Estonia holds a referendum on its constitution, which will come into effect on July 3. July 6–8 – The 18th G7 summit is held in Munich. July
by the Soviets in 1983. November 24 – In China, China Southern Airlines Flight 3943, a China Southern Airlines domestic flight, crashes, killing all 141 people on board. November 25 The Czechoslovak Federal Assembly votes to split the country into two separate states of the Czech Republic and Slovakia, to take effect on January 1, 1993. In a national referendum related to abortion, voters in Ireland reject the proposed Twelfth Amendment of the Constitution Bill 1992 but approve the Thirteenth
by the end of 2022. Also in May 2022, the European Commission published the RePowerEU initiative, a €300 billion plan outlining the path towards the end of EU dependence on Russian fossil fuels by 2030 and the acceleration on the clean energy transition. The European Union manages cross-border road, railway, airport and water infrastructure through the Trans-European Transport Network (TEN-T), created in 1990, and the Trans-European Combined Transport network. TEN-T comprises two network layers: the Core Network, which is to
by the end of the first week, as the entire Pakistani air contingent in the east, PAF No.14 Squadron, was grounded because of Indian and Bangladeshi airstrikes at Tejgaon, Kurmitola, Lalmonirhat and Shamsher Nagar. Sea Hawks from the carrier INS Vikrant also struck Chittagong, Barisal and Cox's Bazar, destroying the eastern wing of the Pakistan Navy and effectively blockading the East Pakistan ports, cutting off any escape routes for the stranded Pakistani soldiers. The nascent Bangladesh Navy (comprising officers and
by the president. Like other presidential and royal standards, it is never flown at half mast. However, the Presidential Standard never takes precedence over the flag of Ireland, whereas, for example, the Royal Standard of the United Kingdom takes precedence over the flag of the United Kingdom. As heraldry is essentially a feudal art, it was not until the Norman invasion of Ireland in 1169 that Irish coats of arms came into being, several decades after the art began to
by whatever means the auctioneer has stipulated. Appraisal – an estimate of an item's worth, usually performed by an expert in that particular field. Auction block – a raised platform on which the auctioneer shows the items to be auctioned; it can also be slang for the auction itself. Auction chant – a rhythmic repetition of numbers and "filler words" spoken by an auctioneer in the process of conducting an auction. Auction fever – an emotional state elicited in the
called Ceylon) saw the partition of Pakistan as an example for itself and feared India might use its enhanced power against it in the future. Despite the left-wing government of Sirimavo Bandaranaike following a neutral non-aligned foreign policy, Sri Lanka decided to help Pakistan in the war. As Pakistani aircraft could not fly over Indian territory, they would have to take a longer route around India and so they stopped at Bandaranaike Airport in Sri Lanka where they were refueled
called the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) and consists of two courts: the Court of Justice and the General Court. The Court of Justice is the supreme court of the European Union in matters of European Union law. As a part of the CJEU, it is tasked with interpreting EU law and ensuring its uniform application across all EU member states under Article 263 of the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). The Court
calls for a Teddy Roosevelt Terrier to be at least 8 and no more than 12 inches in height, with weight proportionate to height. Teddy Roosevelt Terriers weighing as much as 25 lb (11 kg) or as little as 8 lb (3.6 kg) are not uncommon. Early American history shows that the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier, like the Rat Terrier, were often referred to as Feist or just plain terrier mixes - in the case of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier, "bench-legged
can be desirable because it potentially attracts a greater number of bidders due to the possibility of a bargain. If more bidders attend the auction, a higher price might ultimately be achieved because of heightened competition from bidders. This contrasts with a reserve auction, where the item for sale may not be sold if the final bid is not high enough to satisfy the seller. In practice, an auction advertised as "absolute" or "no-reserve" may nonetheless still not sell to
can be found on the copyright page of all British editions until September 1999. (The 1998 first American edition would remove reference to "Joanne" completely.) The short initial print run was standard for first novels and Cunningham hoped booksellers would read the book and recommend it to customers. Examples from this initial print run have sold for as much as US$471,000 in a 2021 Heritage auction. Thomas Taylor created the cover for the first edition. Lindsey Fraser, who had previously
can be traced to his "singular naivety" and "ingenuousness", alongside his band being "the very obverse of hip". The most culturally significant "tragedy" in 1960s rock, according to journalist Richard Goldstein, was Wilson's failure to overcome his insecurities and realize "his full potential as a composer" after having anticipated developments such as electronica and minimalism. Writing in 1981, sociomusicologist Simon Frith identified Wilson's withdrawal in 1967, along with Phil Spector's self-imposed retirement in 1966, as the catalysts for the "rock/pop
can be used more efficiently by adopting a conventional (artificial) meaning for a given call where a natural meaning has less utility, because the information it conveys is not valuable or because the desire to convey that information arises only rarely. The conventional meaning conveys more useful (or more frequently useful) information. There are a very large number of conventions from which players can choose; many books have been written detailing bidding conventions. Well-known conventions include Stayman (to ask the
can damage the defenders' prospects. Datum The mean or median of raw scores on a deal. The datum is used as a basis for calculating IMPs for the participating teams or pairs. The datum may be trimmed by removing extreme scores at either end of the distribution, a procedure whose effect on a mean or on a median depends on the degree of skewness in the raw scores. Dawdling The practice of introducing an additional round (or rounds) to the
can take, with its longest combined suit as trump. See Law of Total tricks. Touching Adjacent. Both cards and suits may be touching. In the holding ♣KQ5, the king and queen are touching. In deciding whether to respond Up the line, a player notes that hearts and spades are touching suits. Tournament An organized duplicate bridge competition. Trance (Slang) Huddle. Transfer A bid that conventionally shows length in a suit other than the one bid, or requests partner to make
canceled in response to pressure from religious and civic groups. March 11 – Paul McCartney is knighted by Elizabeth II. March 17 – Whirlwind Heat play their first show. March 19–20 – The reunited The Monkees perform two sold-out concerts at Wembley Arena in London, UK. March 30 – The Spice Girls launch Britain's new television channel, Channel 5. April 2 – Joni Mitchell is reunited with her daughter, Kilauren Gibb, whom she gave up for adoption 32 years earlier.
capability approach and rights-based approach to development. Funding is provided by the Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance and the Global Europe programmes. Partnership and cooperation agreements are bilateral agreements with non-member nations. The predecessors of the European Union were not devised as a military alliance because NATO was largely seen as appropriate and sufficient for defence purposes. In 2025, Europe initiated the ReArm program, a strategic breakthrough aimed at mobilising local industrial capabilities and bolstering European equipment production, involves a financial
capability was limited, but the message was picked up by a Japanese ship in the Bay of Bengal. It was then re-transmitted by Radio Australia and later by the BBC. 26 March 1971 is considered the official Independence Day of Bangladesh, and the name Bangladesh was in effect henceforth. In July 1971, Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi openly referred to the former East Pakistan as Bangladesh. At first, resistance was spontaneous and disorganized, and was not expected to be prolonged.
capita incomes now equal the world average itself. China's development is highly uneven; its major cities and coastal areas are far more prosperous than its rural and interior regions. It has a high level of economic inequality, which has increased quickly since the economic reforms. Income inequality decreased in the 2010s, and China's Gini coefficient was 0.37 in 2023. In March 2025, Forbes estimated China ranked second in the world, after the U.S., in total number of billionaires and total
capital Bianjing were captured during the Jin–Song wars. The remnants of the Song retreated to southern China and reestablished the Song at Jiankang. The Mongol conquest of China began in 1205 with the campaigns against Western Xia by Genghis Khan, who also invaded Jin territories. In 1271, the Mongol leader Kublai Khan established the Yuan dynasty, which conquered the last remnant of the Song dynasty in 1279. Before the Mongol invasion, the population of Song China was 120 million citizens;
captured 5 wickets while conceding 100 runs Currently playing † indicates a current Test cricketer Seasons Domestic cricket seasons in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Zimbabwe and the West Indies may span two calendar years, and are by convention said to be played in (e.g.) "2008–09". A cricket season in England is described as a single year. e.g. "2009". An international Test series may be for a much shorter duration, and Cricinfo treats this issue
car. The rough handling of the young man, a well-known minor in the community, further agitated an uneasy and growing crowd, who began taunting and berating the police. Among the crowd were Bart Bartholomew, a white freelance photographer for The New York Times, and Timothy Goldman, a Black US Air Force veteran who began to record the events with his personal camcorder. The police formed a perimeter around the arresting officers as the crowd grew more hostile, leading to further
card A card that is useful to a partnership, given the mesh of the cards in the two hands. Wrongside (Verb) To place the contract in the less favorable hand for the partnership. See Antipositional. x (lowercase) Any small card, of no trick-taking significance. X (uppercase) Double, in print or manuscript representation of the auction (where alternatives are "D", "Dbl", etc.) or the final contract. Used in bidding boxes, private scores, and occasionally elsewhere. XX (uppercase) Redouble, in print or
card The ♦7. Below the line In rubber bridge, the place on the score pad (below the main horizontal line) where trick points scored for making a contract, i.e. tricks bid for and taken exclusive of overtricks, are recorded. These are the points counted towards game. See Above the line and Bridge scoring. Benjaminised Acol or "Benji" A variant of Acol where 2♣ and 2♦ are strong bids of different strengths, and 2♥ and 2♠ are weak twos. Invented by
card deals first. The second highest card becomes the dealer's partner and takes the chair on the opposite side of the table. They play against the other two. The deck is shuffled and cut, usually by the player to the left of the dealer, before dealing. Players take turns to deal, in clockwise order. The dealer deals the cards clockwise, one card at a time. Normally, rubber bridge is played with two packs of cards and whilst one pack is
card found to be face-up during dealing, and by extension to the whole pack. Also used for a card found to be face-up in a hand extracted from a duplicate board, or for the hand itself. Bracket A group of entries in a tournament that will eventually have one winner. The grouping is often done on the basis of masterpoints. Break (Noun) The distribution of cards in a suit between the two opponents' (often unseen) hands: "I got a 4–1
card game terms Baron, Randall, ed. (1993). The Bridge Player's Dictionary. Louisville, KY: Devyn Press, Inc. ISBN 0-939460-50-5. 277 pages. Downey, Ned; Pomer, Ellen (2005). Standard Bidding with SAYC. Toronto: Master Point Press. ISBN 978-1-897106-03-7. Francis, Henry G.; Truscott, Alan F.; Francis, Dorthy A., eds. (2001). The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge (6th ed.). Memphis, TN: American Contract Bridge League. ISBN 0-943855-44-6. OCLC 49606900. Manley, Brent; Horton, Mark; Greenberg-Yarbro, Tracey; Rigal, Barry, eds. (2011). The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge (7th ed.).
card is encouraging and that of an even-numbered card is discouraging. The rank of the card may be used to show suit preference. Odd tricks The number of tricks above six (the book) that are taken by declarer. Off 1) (Slang) Down, or set. "We're off two" means "We have made two fewer tricks than our contract." 2) (Slang) offside. Offense-to-defense ratio (ODR) High ODR means a hand has characteristics more suited to winning the final contract, while Low ODR
card or longer suit. Onside Favorably located, from the point of view of the player taking a finesse. If West holds the ♣K and North the ♣AQ, then from South's point of view the ♣K is onside. Contrast Offside. Open 1) In the auction: To start the bidding by making the first call other than Pass. 2) Of a room used at a team event: allowing spectators. Normally at least one of two rooms is closed to spectators. 3) Of
card points as the basic evaluation of the strength of a hand, refining this by reference to shape and distribution if appropriate. In the most commonly used point count system, aces are counted as 4 points, kings as 3, queens as 2, and jacks as 1 point; therefore, the deck contains 40 points. In addition, the distribution of the cards in a hand into suits may also contribute to the strength of a hand and be counted as distribution points.
cards at the other table), 1/2 for equal scores, and 0 for lower scores. Board-a-match scoring is now less common than IMP scoring, or IMPs victory points in a Swiss teams tournament. Body Intermediate cards such as the 9, 8 and 7, that contribute to a suit's trick-taking potential. Bonus In bridge scoring, beyond points for bid tricks taken, which are awarded for making a contract, the additional points awarded for making a doubled contract, or for making doubled or
cards held by the opposition. Fit A partnership's combined holding of many cards in a suit (usually 8 cards or more in the two combined hands) that might be used as trumps. Two hands that are productive together (i.e., that have at least one fitting suit and few wasted values). Compare with Misfit. See also Moysian fit and Golden fit. Fit bid A bid in a suit that shows length and strength in the bid suit plus a fit for
cards in a suit, held in the same hand. For example, the ♠KJ before spades have been played. See major tenace. Mirror Identical hand distributions: "North and South had mirror distributions." Misbid A bid that fails to describe the hand properly. Often a misdescription of a hand's shape, as distinct from an overbid or underbid. Misfit Two partnership hands, neither of which can support the other's long suit. For example, a red Two-suiter opposite a black Two-suiter constitutes a misfit.
cards in each suit) and a sharply limited number of high card points, usually somewhere between 12 and 18 – the most common ranges use a span of exactly three points (for example, 12–14, 15–17 or 16–18), but some systems use a four-point range, usually 15–18. Opening bids of three or higher are preemptive bids, i.e., bids made with weak hands that especially favor a particular suit, opened at a high level in order to define the hand's value quickly
cards in the other major. Smother play An endplay that captures an opponent's guarded trump by means of an overruff, when that card cannot be finessed in the normal fashion. Soft values Lower honors, as distinct from aces and kings. Solid A suit strong enough to run without interruption, or (in the bidding) that requires no fit with partner. Sort To arrange one's cards by suit, and by rank within suit. SOS redouble A conventional redouble that asks partner for
cards. Charles the Great, also known as Charlemagne (Latin: Carolus Magnus) and later recognised as Pater Europae ("Father of Europe"), has a symbolic relevance to Europe. The commission has named one of its central buildings in Brussels after Charlemagne and the city of Aachen has since 1949 awarded the Charlemagne Prize to champions of European unification. Since 2008, the organisers of this prize, in conjunction with the European Parliament, have awarded the Charlemagne Youth Prize in recognition of similar efforts
career Super Bowl points scored: 48 Most receiving yards in one Super Bowl: 215 Most receiving touchdowns in one Super Bowl: 3 Most games of 100 or more receiving yards: 76 Most consecutive games with a reception: 274 Most consecutive games with a touchdown from scrimmage: 13 Most seasons of 1,000 or more receiving yards: 14 Fastest player to reach 100 touchdown receptions: 120 games Fastest player to reach 14,000 receiving yards: 164 games Fastest player to reach 15,000 receiving
career begins after auditions are held in London, UK to find potential band members, with over 3,000 hopefuls showing up to audition. The Spice Girls attend the Cannes Film Festival to announce their plans to hit the big screen with Spiceworld: The Movie. A photo call on top of the Hotel Martinez entrance brings the area to a standstill. At the 42nd Eurovision Song Contest, held in Dublin's Point Theatre, the UK win with "Love Shine a Light", sung by
career saying, "I know this might be a little illegal, guys, but you put a little spray, a little Stickum on them, to make sure that texture is a little sticky." Stickum and similar adhesives were banned in the NFL in 1981, four years before Rice joined the league; he said that "all players" who played in his era used the substance. The claims were rebutted by Pro Football Hall of Fame members Cris Carter and Michael Irvin. Rice retracted
carried out by successive governments in Pakistan after the war. To address the economic disparity, the National Finance Commission system was established to equally distribute the taxation revenue among the four provinces, the large-scale nationalisation of industries and nationwide census were carried out in 1972. The Constitution was promulgated in 1973 that reflected this equal balance and a compromise between Islamism and Humanism, and provided guaranteed equal human rights to all. The military was heavily reconstructed and heavily reorganised, with
carried out by the PAF, the 106 Infantry Brigade of the Pakistani forces under the command of Brig Mohammad Mumtaz Khan advanced towards the village of Hussainiwala with 2000 troops and artillery support. The Indian side had deployed one battalion, 15 Punjab, under the command of Lt Col Shastry comprising 900 soldiers with support from the IAF. The 15 Punjab could not hold the village and had to retreat on 4 December towards the fortress called Kaiser-i-Hind outside Hussainiwala. The
cast for the Tokyo production was announced on 26 January 2022, and would include multiple actors splitting each of the lead roles. The cast starred Tatsuya Fujiwara, Kanji Ishimaru, and Osamu Mukai sharing the role of Harry Potter, Masahiro Ehara and Hayata Tateyama as Ron Weasley, Aoi Nakabeppu and Seina Sagiri as Hermione Granger, Erika Mabuchi and Yuri Shirahane as Ginny Weasley, and Shinya Matsuda and Syuntaro Miyao as Draco Malfoy. Additionally, the cast included Haru Fujita and Kouhei Fukuyama
catches for 4,601 yards and 36 touchdowns. Before the 1997 season, Rice signed a seven-year, $32 million contract. During the 49ers' opening game of the season, Rice tore the anterior cruciate and medial collateral ligaments in his left knee on a reverse. Warren Sapp of the Buccaneers grabbed Rice by the face mask and wrenched him to the ground, drawing a 15-yard personal foul. The injury broke Rice's streak of 189 consecutive games played; throughout high school, college, and the
catches throughout his career. Rice also was noted as an effective blocking receiver. Rice's "famous" catching ability, sometimes attributed to him having to catch bricks when working with his father during his childhood, led him to 1,549 career receptions, 117 ahead of the second-place Fitzgerald. Despite being keen about his public image early in his career, Rice is remembered for his work ethic and dedication. He still cared extensively about his physical appearance, often tailoring his uniform and jersey, and
cause of our break-up, but a corrupted system and a flawed social order that our own apathy had allowed to remain in place for years. At the most critical moment in our history we failed to check the limitless ambitions of individuals with dubious antecedents and to thwart their selfish and irresponsible behaviour. It was our collective 'conduct' that had provided the enemy an opportunity to dismember us. After the war, the Pakistan Army's generals in the East held each
centre of the arms is a quartered shield, depicting the three passant guardant lions of England in the first and fourth quarters, the rampant lion and double tressure flory-counterflory of Scotland in the second quarter, and a harp for Ireland in the third quarter. Surrounding the shield is the Order of the Garter, the United Kingdom's most senior order of knighthood. The supporters are a crowned English lion on the dexter (heraldic right), and a chained Scottish unicorn on the
century, the Opium Wars with Britain and France forced China to pay compensation, open treaty ports, allow extraterritoriality for foreign nationals, and cede Hong Kong to the British under the 1842 Treaty of Nanking, the first of what have been termed the unequal treaties. The First Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895) resulted in Qing China's loss of influence in the Korean Peninsula, as well as the cession of Taiwan to Japan. The Qing dynasty also began experiencing internal unrest in which tens
century, the Western World surpassed China in scientific and technological advancement. The causes of this early modern Great Divergence continue to be debated by scholars. After repeated military defeats by the European colonial powers and Imperial Japan in the 19th century, Chinese reformers began promoting modern science and technology as part of the Self-Strengthening Movement. After the Communists came to power in 1949, efforts were made to organize science and technology based on the model of the Soviet Union, in
century, the forms and styles of English country parish music were introduced to America, notably in a new tunebook called Urania, published 1764 by the singing master James Lyon. This stimulus soon led to the development of a robust native school of composition, signaled by the 1770 publication of William Billings's The New England Psalm Singer, and then by a great number of new compositions by Billings and those who followed in his path. The work of these composers, sometimes
certain legal rights, most importantly the right to engage in collective bargaining with the employer (or employers) over wages, working hours, and other terms and conditions of employment. The inability of the parties to reach an agreement may lead to industrial action, culminating in either strike action or management lockout, or binding arbitration. In extreme cases, violent or illegal activities may develop around these events. In some regions, unions may face active repression, either by governments or by extralegal organizations,
certifying the amendment without congressional approval. Although Byrd supported congressional acceptance of the amendment, he contended that Wilson had deviated from "historic tradition" by not waiting for Congress to consider the ratification's validity, given the extremely long time since the amendment had been proposed. Speaker of the House Tom Foley and others called for a legal challenge to the ratification. On May 20, 1992, under the authority recognized in Coleman, and in keeping with the precedent established by the ratification
cf Germ Pfote "paw", LG pote, Dut poot "paw") patte "paw" pataud patauger patin pec "newly salted" pic "pike, pickax" picot picoter "to pick" picotin picotement picoterie picotin "peck of oats" pincer "to pinch" ( < Wal pissi < Ven pizzare < Gmc, cf Dut pitsen, Germ pfetzen, pfitzen) pince pincée pinçon pincette "tweezers" pingouin "penguin" ( < Eng) pinte "pint" pioche "picaxe" piocher pique-nique "pic-nic" ( < Eng) piquer "to prick" pique piquant piquier piquette piqueur piqûre picoter piquet
cf MDu hollen "to run headlong") houppe (Zoo.) "a tuft, topknot" houppelande "overcoat" hourder "to roughcast" houseau "spatterdash" houspiller "to nag, worry, mob" ( < Norm gouspiller < a Gmc compound represented by OE hosp "injury, insult" + OE spillan "to waste, destroy", cf OE ūtspillan "to abuse, mistreat") housse "horse-cloth, housing" houssine "a switch" houssoir "a birch-broom" houx (Bot.) "holm oak, holly tree" hoyau "pickaxe, mattock" huche "bin" ( < OFr huche, huge < LL hutica < Gmc, cf
cf OE here "army") harnacher haro "hue and cry" harpe "harp" harpiste harper "to grip" ( < Frk *harpan "to seize" < Gmc, cf OHG harfan "to seize", OE hreppan "to touch", ON harpa "cramp") harpe harpon harpin harpigner harpon "harpoon" harponner harponneur hart "cord, rope" harde hase "female hare" hast "staff" ( < OFr haste "lance, roasting spit" < Lat hasta < Frk *harst "grill" < Gmc, cf OHG harst "roast", Dut harsten "to roast") hâtelet hâtelettes hâtereau hâtrier
cf OE solian, sylian "to soil", Dan søle "to soil") soupe "soup" souper soupière souper "to sup" souper soupé soupeur soupière "tureen" spalt "spalt" spath "spar" spirite stalle "stall" installer stathouder "statholder" stathouderat stockfisch "stockfish" ( < Dut stocvisch ) stop stopper stras "strass" stribord "starboard" stuc "stucco" sud "south" suie "soot" ( < Gmc, cf OE sōtig "sooty") suint "grease" suinter "to ooze" ( < OFr suiter < Frk *switan "to sweat" < Gmc, cf OHG suizan "to sweat",
cf OHG būh "stomach", OE būc "belly") trébuchet trépigner "to stomp" trépignement trêve "truce" tribord "starboard" ( < OFr estribord < Gmc) tricher "to trick, cheat" ( < OFr trecher < MHG trechen "to shoot at, play a trick on", Dut trek "trick") tricheur tricherie trick tricoter "to knit" tricot tricoteur tricoteuse tricotage trier ( < OFr trier "to pull out from among others, choose, cull", variant of tirer "to pull out, snatch" < Goth. tiran "to pull away, remove"
cf OHG striepe, strippe "belt, thin strap") tripaille tripette tripier tripière tripoter "to grope" tripot tripoter tripotage trique "club, cudgel" triquer triquet troche "cluster" ( < LL *drupea, trupea < Gmc, cf OHG drupo, Germ Traube "grape") troène (also *truèle) "privet" ( < OFr < Frk *trugil "little trough; hard wood" < Gmc *trūgoz, cf OHG trugilboum, harttrugil "dogwood; privet", OE trōg "trough") trôler "to drag or lounge about" trombe "waterspout" trombone "trombone" trompe "trumpet, horn" tromper tromper "to deceive"
challenges such as rapid urbanization, as well as water scarcity, contamination, and pollution. According to the Joint Monitoring Program for Water Supply and Sanitation, 93% of rural households had access to basic sanitation in 2022 (up from 77% in 2015). The ongoing South–North Water Transfer Project intends to abate water shortage in the north. The 2020 Chinese census recorded the population as approximately 1,411,778,724. About 17.95% were 14 years old or younger, 63.35% were between 15 and 59 years old,
chamber of the state legislature would meet separately to vote. The following day, the chambers would meet in "joint assembly" to assess the results, and if a majority in both chambers had voted for the same person, they would be elected. If not, the joint assembly would vote for a senator, with each member receiving a vote. If no person received a majority, the joint assembly was required to keep convening every day to take at least one vote until
championships limit teams to six players, thus to seven members depending on the kind of captain. Other team officials such as a coach are not team members and are not covered in the rules of bridge. The partner who makes the decision for a partnership in certain bidding situations, such as ace-asking sequences. Card reading The act of determining the distribution of cards in unseen hands, and the location of high cards therein, by analyzing the bidding, play and other
changing the system ... Mob brutality, the total loss of respect for human life was sickeningly sad ... What we saw last night and the night before in Los Angeles is not about civil rights. It's not about the great cause of equality that all Americans must uphold. It's not a message of protest. It's been the brutality of a mob, pure and simple." Vice President Dan Quayle blamed the violence on a "Poverty of Values" – "I believe the
chapter 18 of his publication The Constitution of Liberty. Trade unions frequently advocate for seniority-based compensation and against meritocracy. Some research, such as that conducted by the Australian Centre for Industrial Relations Research and Training, argues that unionized workers enjoy better conditions and wages than those who are not unionized. In the United States, higher union density has been associated with lower suicide/overdose deaths. Decreased unionization rates in the United States have been linked to an increase in occupational fatalities.
character with "a lot of insecurity and a great fear of failure beneath her swottiness". Despite her nagging efforts to keep Harry and Ron out of trouble, she becomes a close friend of the two boys after they save her from a troll and her magical and analytical skills play an important role in finding the Philosopher's Stone. She has bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth. Neville Longbottom is a plump, diffident boy, so forgetful that his grandmother
charges that he stole more than $32 million from the government, preventing him from holding any elected office for eight years. Collor resigns the presidency hours before the sentence to be passed by the Supreme Federal Court. Physics – Georges Charpak Chemistry – Rudolph A. Marcus Medicine – Edmond H. Fischer, Edwin G. Krebs Literature – Derek Walcott Peace – Rigoberta Menchú Economics – Gary Becker 1992 House by Bill Frolick – article about 1992 from The New Yorker magazine.
chart position for any album by the Beach Boys or Wilson since 1976's 15 Big Ones and the highest ever debut for a Beach Boys-related album. It was later certified platinum. In support of BWPS, Wilson embarked on a tour covering the U.S., Europe, and Japan. Sahanaja told Australian Musician, "In six years of touring this is the happiest we've ever seen Brian". In July 2005, Wilson performed at the Live 8 in Berlin, an event watched by about three
chief Daryl Gates left Parker Center, on his way to the neighborhood of Brentwood. There, as the situation in Los Angeles deteriorated, Gates attended a political fundraiser against Los Angeles City Charter Amendment F, intended to "give City Hall more power over the police chief and provide more civilian review of officer misconduct". The amendment would limit the power and term length of his office. The Parker Center crowd grew riotous at approximately 9 p.m., eventually making their way through
chief architect of the 1971 Bangladesh genocide, during the Bangladesh Liberation War, alongside Yahya Khan and Tikka Khan. Abdul Hamid Khan was born on 29 April 1917 in Maymyo, Burma to a Punjabi-Kashmiri father and a Burmese mother. His father was an administrative officer from Gujrat working for the British Indian Government in Burma. Hamid Khan never publicly identified his mother who was a house servant from Mandalay working for his father and his birth was the result of their
chief diplomatic mission to Iran is the Pakistani embassy in Tehran. It is further supported by two consulates-general located throughout Iran. The Pakistani government supports its consulates in Mashhad and Zahidan. Iran–Pakistan border Iran–Pakistan border skirmishes Iranians in Pakistan List of ambassadors of Iran to Pakistan India-Iran relations Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict Nuclear program of Iran Pakistan Armed Forces— Iranian Contingent Pakistanis in Iran Asia Times on Iran-Pakistan relations Schoresch Davoodi & Adama Sow: The Political Crisis of Pakistan in
choose between a throw-in and an unblock, each of which is a losing option. Winner A card that can take a trick on a given hand. Wire (Slang) Improper knowledge of a deal, prior to playing it. World Bridge Federation (WBF) The world sport governing body for bridge. Its members are more than 120 national bridge federations that are grouped in eight geographic zones for some purposes. It sponsors competitions including but not limited to world championships, which exclusively convey
church. His choir director declared him to have perfect pitch. Wilson owned an educational record titled The Instruments of the Orchestra and was a regular listener of KFWB, his favorite radio station at the time. Carl introduced him to R&B, and their uncle Charlie taught him boogie-woogie piano. Both brothers would frequently stay up listening to Johnny Otis's KFOX radio show, incorporating its R&B tracks into their musical lexicon. One of Wilson's first forays into songwriting, penned when he was
circulated in the music press about a world tour by the group. In a September report, Wilson said he was not participating in the tour with his bandmates, remarking, "I don't really like working with the guys, but it all depends on how we feel and how much money's involved. Money's not the only reason I made records, but it does hold a place in our lives." Ultimately, Wilson agreed to the tour, lasting until September 2012, and to record
cities in Pakistan. According to Pakistani historians, the trauma was extremely severe, and the cost of the war for Pakistan in monetary terms and in human resources was very high. Demoralized and finding itself unable to control the situation, the Yahya administration fell when President Yahya Khan turned over his presidency to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, who was sworn in on 20 December 1971 as President with the control of the military. The loss of East Pakistan shattered the prestige of
citizen class in the Ming dynasty, Chinese classical fiction rose to a boom of the historical, town and gods and demons fictions as represented by the Four Great Classical Novels which include Water Margin, Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Journey to the West and Dream of the Red Chamber. Along with the wuxia fictions of Jin Yong and Liang Yusheng, it remains an enduring source of popular culture in the Chinese sphere of influence. In the wake of the New
city. He also berated both major political parties for failing to address urban issues, especially the Republican Administration for its presiding over "more than a decade of urban decay" generated by their spending cuts. He also maintained that the King verdicts could not be avenged by the "savage behavior" of "lawless vandals" and stated that people "are looting because ... [t]hey do not share our values, and their children are growing up in a culture alien from ours, without family,
civilian dress. MV Swat, a ship of the Pakistan Navy carrying ammunition and soldiers, was harbored in Chittagong Port, but the Bengali workers and sailors at the port refused to unload the ship. A unit of East Pakistan Rifles refused to obey commands to fire on the Bengali demonstrators, beginning a mutiny among the Bengali soldiers. The 1970 Bhola cyclone made landfall on the East Pakistan coastline during the evening of 12 November, around the same time as a local
civilians died. An estimated 40,000 to over 300,000 Chinese were massacred in Nanjing alone during the Japanese occupation. The Republic of China, along with the UK, the United States, and the Soviet Union, were recognized as the Allied "Big Four" in the Declaration by United Nations. Along with the other three great powers, China was one of the four major Allies of World War II, and was later considered one of the primary victors in the war. After the surrender
civilians to organize their own armed security teams, mainly composed of store owners, to defend their businesses from rioters. Those who stood on the roof of the California Supermarket at 5th and Western Avenue with firearms were later referred to as the "roof" or "rooftop Koreans". Many had military experience from serving in the Republic of Korea Armed Forces before emigrating to the United States. Open gun battles were televised, including an incident in which Korean shopkeepers armed with M1
claim over Taiwan, while others, including the U.S. and Japan, only acknowledge the claim. China has a close political, economic and military relationship with Russia, and the two states often vote in unison in the UN Security Council. China has provided Russia with economic, technological, and diplomatic support during the Russo-Ukrainian war. China's relationship with the United States is complex, and includes deep trade ties but significant political differences. Since the early 2000s, China has followed a policy of engaging
claimed two doctors had confirmed she was a virgin. In 2014, Romanian press reported that Alina had returned to Romania and had posted many sexy photos of herself on social media sites. In January 2010, the Belfast Telegraph responded to a virginity auction posted by a 16-year-old girl on the Gumtree trading site. A reporter met her after suggesting a £6,000 bid, but she claimed the entire episode was a "joke" after she was confronted. In early 2010, it was
clockwise, with each player required to follow suit if possible. Tricks are won by the highest trump, or if there were none played, the highest card of the led suit. The player who won the previous trick leads to the next trick. The declarer has control of the dummy's cards and tells his partner which card to play at dummy's turn. There also exist conventions that communicate further information between defenders about their hands during the play. At any time,
closed shop. In 2006, the European Court of Human Rights found Danish closed-shop agreements to be in breach of Article 11 of the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms. It was stressed that Denmark and Iceland were among a limited number of contracting states that continue to permit the conclusion of closed-shop agreements. The academic literature shows substantial evidence that trade unions reduce economic inequality. The economist Joseph Stiglitz has asserted that, "Strong unions have helped to reduce
closely with the Soviet Union, the relations between the two communist nations gradually deteriorated, leading China to develop an independent industrial system and its own nuclear weapons. The Chinese population increased from 550 million in 1950 to 900 million in 1974. However, the Great Leap Forward, a massive industrialization project, resulted in an estimated 15 to 55 million deaths between 1959 and 1961, mostly from starvation. In 1964, China detonated its first atomic bomb. In 1966, Mao and his allies
clothing of the Han people in China. The qipao or cheongsam is a popular Chinese female dress. The hanfu movement has been popular in contemporary times and seeks to revitalize Hanfu clothing. China Fashion Week is the country's only national-level fashion festival. The mass media of China primarily consists of television, newspapers, radio, and magazines. State media outlets operate under the control of the CCP. The largest media organizations are the People's Daily, Xinhua News Agency, and the China Media
co-wrote Jan and Dean's "Surf City" (the first chart-topping surf song) and "Dead Man's Curve" (number 8) in 1963, and the Hondells' "Little Honda" (number 9) in 1964. The level of creative control that Wilson had asserted over his own record output was unprecedented in the music industry, leading him to become the first pop artist credited for writing, arranging, producing, and performing his own material. Wilson's autonomy encompassed control over recording studios and personnel, including engineers and the typically
collapsed. More permanent trade unions were established from the 1850s, better resourced but often less radical. The London Trades Council was founded in 1860, and the Sheffield Outrages spurred the establishment of the Trades Union Congress in 1868, the first long-lived national trade union center. By this time, the existence and the demands of the trade unions were becoming accepted by liberal middle-class opinion. In Principles of Political Economy (1871) John Stuart Mill wrote: If it were possible for the
collection of declassified documents, consisting mostly of communications between U.S. embassy officials and United States Information Service centers in Dacca and India, and officials in Washington, D.C. These documents show that U.S. officials working in diplomatic institutions within Bangladesh used the terms "selective genocide" and "genocide" (see The Blood Telegram) for information on events they had knowledge of at the time. Genocide is the term still used to describe the event in almost every major publication and newspaper in Bangladesh,
colloquial in phrasing, with a spare and evocative lyrical style embedded in the culture that created it". Brackett opined that Wilson expressed "intense fragility" and "emotional vulnerability" to degrees that few other singer-songwriters had. Wilson established approximately one-third of a song's final arrangement during the writing process, with the remainder developed in the studio. He preferred recording in the Studio 3 room at Western for its privacy and the presence of staff engineer Chuck Britz, who served as Wilson's principal
combat aircraft without tank support were in East Pakistan to repulse any Indian retaliations during the conflict. In 1947, the Bengali Muslims had identified themselves with Pakistan's Islamic project, but by the 1970s, the people of East Pakistan had given priority to their Bengali ethnicity over their religious identity, desiring a society in accordance with Western principles such as secularism, democracy and socialism. Many Bengali Muslims strongly objected to the Islamist paradigm the Pakistani state imposed. Most members of West
combined. Devised by David Burn from experience of playing with and of captaining teams of junior players. (1) Subtract the number of aces held by opponents from eight. (2) Don't play at that level. Rule of Eighteen Regulation by the World Bridge Federation stipulating that an opening bid is acceptable if the sum of the number of cards in the two longest suits plus the number of HCP is at least 18. Rule of Eleven A calculation that can be
comfortably and happily. His loyalty and bravery in the face of a game of Wizard Chess plays a vital part in finding the Philosopher's Stone. Hermione Granger, the daughter of an all-Muggle family, is a bossy girl who has apparently memorised most of the textbooks before the start of term. Rowling described Hermione as a "very logical, upright, and good" character with "a lot of insecurity and a great fear of failure beneath her swottiness". Despite her nagging efforts to
command was centralized in Joint Staff Headquarters (JS HQ) led by an appointed Chairman Joint Chiefs Committee to coordinate military efforts to safeguard the nation's defence and unity. In addition, Pakistan sought to have a diversified foreign policy, as Pakistani geostrategists had been shocked that both China and the United States provided limited support to Pakistan during the course of the war, with the US displaying an inability to supply weapons that Pakistan needed the most. In January 1972, Pakistan
commemoration of the battle is not observed as a national holiday in Mexico (i.e. not a statutory holiday). However, all public schools are closed nationwide in Mexico on May 5. The day is an official holiday in the State of Puebla, where the Battle took place, and also a full holiday (no work) in the neighboring State of Veracruz. In Puebla, historical reenactments, parades, and meals take place to commemorate the battle. Parade participants dress as French and Mexican soldiers
commercial name." Although the OED states that "the association of the instrument with Jewish people occurs, so far as is known, only in English", the term jødeharpe is also used in Danish. The angkuoch (Khmer: អង្គួច) is a Cambodian Jew's harp. It is a folk instrument made of bamboo and carved into a long, flat shape with a hole in the center and the tongue across the hole. There is also a metal variety, more round or tree-leaf shaped. It
commissioner is the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy, who is ex-officio a vice-president of the European Commission and is also chosen by the European Council. The other 25 commissioners are subsequently appointed by the Council of the European Union in agreement with the nominated president. The 27 commissioners as a single body are subject to approval (or otherwise) by a vote of the European Parliament. All commissioners are first nominated by the government of
commissioners for different areas of policy, one from each member state, though commissioners are bound to represent the interests of the EU as a whole rather than their home state. The leader of the 27 is the president of the European Commission (presently Ursula von der Leyen for 2019–2024, reelected for the 2024–2029 term), proposed by the European Council, following and taking into account the result of the European elections, and is then elected by the European Parliament. The President
committed within the areas of his responsibility. Tikka was a "soldier known for his eager use of force". Lieutenant-General A. A. K. Niazi commented on Tikka's actions: "On the night between 25/26 March 1971, General Tikka struck. Peaceful night was turned into a time of wailing, crying and burning. General Tikka let loose everything at his disposal as if raiding an enemy, not dealing with his own misguided and misled people. The military action was a display of stark cruelty
common Blackwood convention, a bid of 5♦ in the same situation would say nothing about the diamond suit, but would tell the partner that the hand in question contains exactly one ace. Conventions are valuable in bridge because of the need to pass information beyond a simple like or dislike of a particular suit, and because the limited bidding space can be used more efficiently by adopting a conventional (artificial) meaning for a given call where a natural meaning has
common usage, it may refer to a very weak hand. z see Zoom. Zar points An evaluation method to determine if a hand should be opened. It asks to open whenever you have 26 or more Zars, determined by adding the number of cards in the 2 longest suits, plus high card points, plus number of controls (A=2, K=1), plus the difference between the longest and the shortest suit. An additional point is added for the ♠ suit if it
community service–and no jail time. There were other long-term factors for social tensions: high rates of poverty and unemployment among the residents of South Central Los Angeles, which had been deeply affected by the nationwide recession. Articles in the Los Angeles Times and The New York Times linked the economic deterioration of South Central to the declining living conditions of the residents, and reported that local resentments about these conditions helped to fuel the riots. But instead of African Americans
competing in the high jump. Rice received over 40 contacts from NCAA Division I-A schools; his preference was to attend Mississippi State University, but they did not offer him an athletic scholarship. He was drawn to Mississippi Valley State, in part because the school's coach, Archie Cooley, ran a pass-heavy offense—enough that Cooley was nicknamed "The Gunslinger." After Cooley watched Rice play in person and after he visited the school's campus, Rice committed to playing at Mississippi Valley State. Rice
competitive sealed tenders". Journal of Finance. 16 (1): 8–37. Bibcode:1961JFin...16....8V. doi:10.1111/j.1540-6261.1961.tb02789.x. JSTOR 2977633. Hart, Heber Leonidas (1911). "Auctions and Auctioneers" . In Chisholm, Hugh (ed.). Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 2 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 895. This gives an overview of the history of auctions, focusing especially on English practice. Klemperer, Paul (2004), Auctions: Theory and Practice, Princeton, N.J.: Princeton University Press, ISBN 978-0-691-11925-0 Draft edition available online Learmount, Brian W (1985), 'A History of the Auction', Barnard and Learmount.
compilation Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I and Paul Simon's 1986 release Graceland among his ten favorite albums of all time. In 2007, he cited Billy Joel as his favorite pianist. By 2015, he maintained that he did not listen to modern music, only "oldies but goodies". Wilson's writing process, as he described in 1966, started with finding a basic chord pattern and rhythm that he termed "feels", or "brief note sequences, fragments of ideas". He explained, "Once they're out of
compilation included Beach Boys songs Wilson had recently rerecorded, five of which he coauthored with Love. The Mail on Sunday distributed 2.6 million copies of the compilation. In November 2005, Love filed a lawsuit in which he claimed the promotion hurt the sales of the original recordings. Love's suit was dismissed in 2007 when a judge determined that there were "no triable issues of material fact". Al Jardine said in 2013 that he "didn't give it a whole lot of
complete. He typically stayed secluded upstairs while the group recorded below, joining sessions only to suggest revisions to music he had overheard. He occasionally emerged from his bedroom to preview new songs for the group. Melcher likened these appearances to Aesop delivering a new fable. Journalist Brian Chidester later coined the term "Bedroom Tapes" to refer to Wilson's unreleased output between 1968 and 1975, most of which remains unheard publicly. According to Mike Love, Wilson had "lost interest in the
compound sound composed of a fundamental and its harmonics. By using the cavity of the mouth as a resonator, each harmonic in succession can be isolated and reinforced, giving the instrument the compass shown." "The lower harmonics of the series cannot be obtained, owing to the limited capacity of the resonating cavity. The black notes on the stave show the scale which may be produced by using two harps, one tuned a fourth above the other. The player on the
comprising 29 European countries that have officially abolished all passport and all other types of border control at their mutual borders. Being an element within the wider area of freedom, security and justice policy of the EU, it mostly functions as a single jurisdiction under a common visa policy for international travel purposes. The area is named after the 1985 Schengen Agreement and the 1990 Schengen Convention, both signed in Schengen, Luxembourg. Of the 27 EU member states, 25 participate
conceiving the show and comparing the storylines to pitch the show because it made us feel confident that we weren't the only ones, and we didn't think we were, but it was nice to see other creators have Karate Kid on the mind." The creators pitched the series in 2017 to outlets that included Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, and AMC, using a mock trailer created with footage from prior works by Macchio and Zabka. The show was ultimately greenlit in August
conflation of Lat altus and Frk *hauh < Gmc, cf OE hēah "high") hautain hautesse hauteur hautain "haughty" hautbois "hautbois" hautesse (title) "highness" hauteur "height, haughtiness" hâve "pale, wan" ( < Frk *haswa- "pale, grey" < Gmc, cf MHG heswe "pallid", OE hasu, haswa "grey, ashen") havir haver "to cut" ( < Dial Fr (Walloon) < Frk *hauwan "to cut"; *hauwa "hoe, cutting implement" < Gmc, cf OHG houwen "to cut, hew", OE hēawan "to cut, hew") averon "wild oats"
conflict, although Congress kept an arms embargo in place. The economically-socialist India entered into a formal alliance with the Soviet Union in August 1971. Nixon urged Yahya Khan multiple times to exercise restraint. His objective was to prevent a war and safeguard Pakistan's interests, though he feared an Indian invasion of Pakistan that would lead to Indian domination of the subcontinent and strengthen the position of the Soviet Union. Similarly, President Yahya feared that an independent Bangladesh could lead to
conform to that suggested by a bid, such as an opening bid of 1NT with 2=2=6=3 shape, or a weak-two bid with a seven card suit. Off the top Said of some number of tricks that can be lost or won without gaining or losing the lead. "There were eleven tricks off the top in spades", to mean that declarer could take eleven tricks without interruption; or, "We're down off the top", to mean that the defenders, having the opening
connected to a particular syllable, fa, sol, la, or mi, and these syllables are employed in singing the notes, just as in the more familiar system that uses do, re, mi, etc. (see solfege). The four-shape system is able to cover the full musical scale because each syllable-shape combination other than mi is assigned to two distinct notes of the scale. For example, the C major scale would be notated and sung as follows: The shape for fa is a
connection between the 27th Amendment and the proposed Equal Rights Amendment Gregory Watson's Fight for the 27th Amendment (The Daily Show, interview with Michael Kosta, published to YouTube on May 4, 2018) Will the Constitution ever be amended again? We asked the man behind the Twenty-Seventh Amendment. Govtrackinsider.com interview with Gregory Watson
consecutive calls, bids two different suits, and bids the two suits in the reverse order to that expected by the basic bidding system. The specific definition of a reverse therefore depends on the bidding system (see main article). The reverse is designed to show additional strength without the need to make a jump bid. Because the reverse takes up bidding space, the reverse bidder is usually expected to hold a stronger than average hand, usually more than 16 HCP. Revoke
consequences of the war were mainly that East Pakistan became independent as Bangladesh, and that India captured approximately 15,000 square kilometres (5,800 mi2) of land previously in West Pakistan. However, the captured territory was given back to Pakistan in the Simla Agreement signed on 2 July 1972 between Indira Gandhi and Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. The 1971 war led to increased tensions between Pakistan and India, although Pakistan recognised the independence of Bangladesh following severe pressure from the Organisation of Islamic
considerable Hindu cultural influences. West Pakistanis, in an attempt to "Islamise" the East, wanted the Bengalis to adopt Urdu. The activities of the language movement nurtured a sentiment among Bengalis in favor of discarding Pakistan's communalism in favor of secular politics. The Awami League began propagating its secular message through its newspaper to the Bengali readership. The Awami League's emphasis on secularism differentiated it from the Muslim League. In 1971, the Bangladeshi liberation struggle against Pakistan was led by secular
considered an important factor contributing to the reform of European formerly Communist countries. This influence on the internal affairs of other countries is generally referred to as "soft power", as opposed to military "hard power". The European Commission's Humanitarian Aid and Civil Protection department, or "ECHO", provides humanitarian aid from the EU to developing countries. In 2012, its budget amounted to €874 million, 51 per cent of the budget went to Africa and 20 per cent to Asia, Latin America,
consisting of 65 episodes. Originally released on YouTube Red / YouTube Premium for its first two seasons, the series later moved to Netflix. Ralph Macchio and William Zabka, reprising their respective roles as Daniel LaRusso and Johnny Lawrence from the film series, star in Cobra Kai alongside Courtney Henggeler, Xolo Maridueña, Tanner Buchanan, Mary Mouser, Jacob Bertrand, Gianni DeCenzo, Peyton List, Vanessa Rubio, and Dallas Dupree Young. Martin Kove and Thomas Ian Griffith also reprise their roles as the antagonists
consolidate power and transform the Ministry of Magic into a dictatorial regime. In the new timeline, Scorpius became a popular Head Boy and Quidditch star, helping the staff and students torment Muggle-borns. Umbridge became the new Headmistress of Hogwarts and patrols the school with Dementors and a revived Inquisitorial Squad, led by Scorpius. A dark figure called "The Augurey" leads the Ministry of Magic. With the help and sacrifice of alternative versions of Ron, Hermione, and Severus Snape, Scorpius uses
constant shadows, following their masters around throughout the daily routine. These dogs are very smart and loyal, which makes them easy to train. They are energetic and playful, and their antics can make one laugh daily. However, when it is time to settle down, they are just as content to be in a lap. They can adapt to almost any lifestyle, whether shown in conformation rings, working in agility trials, or just a great companion for home or farm. Their
constitution states that the PRC "is a socialist state governed by a people's democratic dictatorship that is led by the working class and based on an alliance of workers and peasants", and that "the defining feature of socialism with Chinese characteristics is the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party." The PRC officially characterizes itself as a democracy—more specifically, a whole-process people's democracy—that is organized around the Leninist principle of democratic centralism. However, the country is commonly described as an authoritarian
contained 500 tents, 3,300 blankets and emergency medical kits. The relief goods were transferred using two C-130 aircraft. Previously Pakistan's Foreign Office (FO) spokesperson, Dr. Muhammad Faisal, condoled with the families of the victims. The spokesperson further claimed that Pakistan is ready to provide humanitarian assistance to Iran in the rescue effort. He claimed that people of Pakistan stand in solidarity with Iranian people in their difficult time. In the Balochistan region of southeastern Iran and western Pakistan, the Balochi
contempt upon his return to Pakistan. He was shunned and branded a traitor. The war also exposed the shortcomings of Pakistan's declared strategic doctrine that the "defence of East Pakistan lay in West Pakistan". During the war, there were widespread killings and other atrocities—including the displacement of civilians in Bangladesh (East Pakistan at the time) and widespread violations of human rights beginning with Operation Searchlight on 25 March 1971. Members of the Pakistani military and supporting paramilitary forces killed an
contesting the results, Serbian President Slobodan Milošević recognizes opposition victories in the November 1996 elections. A magnitude 6.5 earthquake strikes North Khorasan province, Iran, killing 88 people and injuring 1,948. February 10 – Sandline affair: Australian newspapers publish stories that the government of Papua New Guinea has brought mercenaries onto Bougainville Island. February 13 – STS-82: Tune-up and repair work on the Hubble Space Telescope is started by astronauts from the Space Shuttle Discovery. February 28 North Hollywood shootout: Two
continue to survive dialectally and in English. See: List of English Latinates of Germanic origin. hache "hachet" hachette hachereau hacher hachoir hachure hachis hachure "hatching" hagard "haggard, wild" haie "hedge" haillon "rag, tatters" haine "hatred" haineux haïr "to hate" haine haïssable haire "hair-shirt" halbran (Zoo.) "duckling" halbrené hâle "swarthy, sunburnt" haler "to haul" halage haleur halin hâler "to dry up, to sunburn" hâle hâloir halle "market" hallage hallebarde "halberd" hallebardier hallier "thicket" ( < ML hasla < *Frk hasal <
continued to lead the league in saves until José Valverde passed him at the end of August. Despite posting a 4.04 ERA through September 6, Wilson converted 37 of 40 save opportunities. In his final seven games of the year, however, he posted a 9.56 ERA while converting just four out of seven opportunities. In 63 games, he had a 3–2 record, a 4.62 ERA, 67 strikeouts, and 28 walks in 62+1⁄3 innings pitched. He converted 41 saves in 47
continuing the battle. Brig Khan surrendered to the Indian forces a day later on 17 December. The Indian campaign's "blitzkrieg" techniques exploited weaknesses in the Pakistani positions and bypassed opposition; this resulted in a swift victory. Faced with insurmountable losses, the Pakistani military capitulated in less than a fortnight and psychological panic spread in the Eastern Command's military leadership. Subsequently, the Indian Army encircled Dacca and issued an ultimatum to surrender in "30-minutes" time window on 16 December 1971. Upon
contract bridge chiefly in the scoring. Most notably, overtricks counted the same as tricks bid and made, so they were scored below the line and any contract, no matter how low, could produce a game or slam bonus. Austrian System Another name for Vienna System. Autobridge A variant of contract bridge for play by one person; alternatively, a means for one to learn or practice the game alone. Information for each deal is pre-printed on one sheet of paper in
contract or make the setting of the contract unavoidable. Aces are termed "first-round" controls and kings are termed "second-round" controls. In trump contracts, voids are also considered first-round controls and singletons second-round controls. See also Stopper. (Said of trump contracts) Declarer's ability to manage the trump suit successfully. To lose control usually means being forced to shorten one's trumps so much that the opponents can subsequently control the play of the hand. See Forcing defense. Control-bid A bid that shows
contract points are reached, a "partial game" or "part-score" refers to 10 to 90 contract points, and once either side reaches a game, both sides' part-scores, while still valid to be counted as part of the final score of the entire match, are reset to 0 for the purpose of the next game or rubber bonus. Bridge scoring consists of six to eight elements, depending on the variant. This is the list of the scoring elements: If the contract is
contract was undoubled, doubled or redoubled. Without a double or redouble, every undertrick has a fixed cost of 100 or 50 points. The scores for (re)doubled undertricks are such that after the first vulnerable undertrick, n vulnerable undertricks cost the same as n+1 undertricks when not vulnerable; for example, four undertricks when doubled and not vulnerable cost 800 points (100+200+200+300), the same as three undertricks when doubled and vulnerable (200+300+300). In rubber bridge only, a bonus is awarded at the
contract, as the bonus for rubber, small slam or grand slam depends on the number of tricks taken rather than the number of tricks contracted for. The modern game of contract bridge was the result of innovations to the scoring of auction bridge by Harold Stirling Vanderbilt and others. The most significant change was that only the tricks contracted for were scored below the line toward game or a slam bonus, a change that resulted in bidding becoming much more
contract, i.e. one scoring 100 or more points (possibly in combination of a previously accumulated part-score), scores a game bonus of 300 if not vulnerable and 500 if vulnerable when completed. For additional scoring information for the rubber bridge variant Chicago, see Chicago scoring A rubber is a series of games. A game is won by the first team to score a 100 contract points. Two games won earns the rubber bonus. The objective is to win by scoring the
contracts, designed to show both what the leader has, and to request specific partner actions in return. Jump (Noun) A jump bid. (Verb) To make a jump bid. Jump bid A bid made at a level higher than the lowest level at which that suit could be legally bid. Jump overcall An overcall made at higher than the minimally legal level: for example, 1♥ – (2♠). In the 1930s, jump overcalls were treated as strong bids. They are now more
contrast, should Congress be called upon to decide the question of the president's ability or inability under Section 4, presidential authority remains in the hands of the vice president (as acting president) unless and until the question is resolved in the president's favor. Article II, Section 1, Clause 6 of the Constitution reads: In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office,
control of the Parliament of Algeria in runoff elections. March 12 – Mauritius becomes a republic while remaining a member of the Commonwealth of Nations. March 13 – The 6.7 Mw Erzincan earthquake affects eastern Turkey with a maximum Mercalli intensity of VIII (Severe), killing 498–652 and injuring around 2,000. March 18 – White South Africans vote in favour of political reforms which will end the apartheid regime and create a power-sharing multi-racial government. March 22 In French regional elections,
control of the Senate by theft, perjury, and bribes corrupting the state legislatures to gain election to the Senate. A few state legislatures began to petition the Congress for direct election of senators. By 1893, the House had the two-thirds vote for just such an amendment. However, when the joint resolution reached the Senate, it failed from neglect, as it did again in 1900, 1904 and 1908; each time the House approved the appropriate resolution, and each time it died
control over the regions such as Chalunka, Thang, Turtuk, Takshi and Pachtang meanwhile Pakistan retain control on Chumb. The war and subsequent independence of Bangladesh stripped Pakistan of more than half of its population, and with nearly one-third of its army in captivity, clearly established India's military and political dominance of the subcontinent. India successfully led a diplomatic campaign to isolate Pakistan. On state visits to the United Kingdom and France, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi convinced them to break with
controlled facility in its Balochistan province in response to Indian tests (codenamed Pokhran-II) a few days earlier, both events would later lead to U.N. sanctions on both Pakistan and India but did not stop either country from continuing to conduct more tests. Pakistan had now become the seventh country in the world to acquire nuclear weapons (after the United States, Soviet Union, United Kingdom, France, China and India). Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif acknowledged Pakistan's nuclear capability and tests on
controversial creative and business partnership with his psychologist, Eugene Landy, and relaunched his solo career with the album Brian Wilson (1988). Wilson dissociated from Landy in 1991 and toured regularly from 1999 to 2022. He completed a version of Smile in 2004, earning him his greatest acclaim as a solo artist. Heralding popular music's recognition as an art form, Wilson's accomplishments as a producer and composer helped initiate an era of unprecedented creative autonomy for label-signed acts. He contributed to
convened to resolve numerous differences between the House and Senate Bill of Rights proposals. On September 24, 1789, the committee issued its report, which finalized 12 proposed amendments for the House and Senate to consider. The House agreed to the conference report that day, and the Senate concurred the next day. What would become the Twenty-seventh Amendment was listed second among the 12 proposals sent on September 25, 1789, to the states for their consideration. Ten of these, numbers 3–12,
convention on the subject, with 31 states needed to reach the threshold; Arizona and New Mexico each achieved statehood that year (bringing the total number of states to 48), and were expected to support the motion. Alabama and Wyoming, already states, had passed resolutions in favor of a convention without formally calling for one. In 1911, the House of Representatives passed House Joint Resolution 39 proposing a constitutional amendment for direct election of senators. The original resolution passed by the
cooperation. Bilateral trade includes Iranian exports of fruits, nuts, and dairy products, as well as Pakistani exports of rice, corn, and meat. Experts argue that sustainable relations require moving beyond seasonal exchanges toward joint investments, contract farming, and increased private sector involvement. In this context, both countries have emphasized reducing trade barriers, establishing a joint agricultural committee, and raising bilateral trade to $10 billion. Pakistan and Iran share great cultural and religious affinity. Iran's historical influence on Pakistan continues to
core area of European politics. European policy-makers originally increased the EU's capacity to act on environmental issues by defining it as a trade problem. Trade barriers and competitive distortions in the Common Market could emerge due to the different environmental standards in each member state. In subsequent years, the environment became a formal policy area, with its own policy actors, principles and procedures. The legal basis for EU environmental policy was established with the introduction of the Single European Act
corporate meetings. Landy was accused of creating a Svengali-like environment by controlling every aspect of Wilson's life—including his musical direction. Wilson countered these claims, stating, "People say that Dr. Landy runs my life, but the truth is, I'm in charge." He later claimed that in mid-1985 he attempted suicide by swimming as far out to sea as possible before one of Landy's aides retrieved him. As Wilson's recovery consolidated, he participated in recording The Beach Boys (June 1985), a release
corresponding bidding prices. Buyer's premium – a fee paid by the buyer to the auction house; it is typically calculated as a percentage of the winning bid and added to it. Depending on the jurisdiction, the buyer's premium, in addition to the sales price, may be subject to VAT or sales tax. Buyout price – a price that, if accepted by a bidder, immediately ends the auction and awards the item to them (an example is eBay's "Buy It Now"
corresponding to 5.8 per cent of the world population. The population density across the EU was 106 inhabitants per square kilometre, which is more than the world average. It is highest in areas in central and western Europe, sometimes referred to as the "blue banana", while Sweden and Finland in the north are much more sparsely populated. The total population of the EU has been slightly decreasing for several years, contracting by 0.04 per cent in 2021. This is due
cosmological, mythological or in general symbolic elements. Chinese architecture traditionally classifies structures according to type, ranging from pagodas to palaces. Chinese architecture varies widely based on status or affiliation, such as whether the structures were constructed for emperors, commoners, or for religious purposes. Other variations in Chinese architecture are shown in vernacular styles associated with different geographic regions and different ethnic heritages, such as the stilt houses in the south, the Yaodong buildings in the northwest, the yurt buildings of
costly attack on a sand dune occupied by an intruding Pakistani platoon, which cost the Indian unit 21 killed and 60 wounded. In May 1972, as the snow melted, Pakistan attacked the Lipa Valley, where the heavily outnumbered Indian forces fell back, with both sides suffering heavy casualties as well as Pakistani forces losing their senior commander. Pakistan would launch similar attacks to attempt to regain lost territory at Minimarg Lake and Turtuk. Subsequently, in 1972, India and Pakistan signed
could guarantee victory if she would allow him to prepare for the conflict on his terms, and set a date for it; Gandhi accepted his conditions. In reality, Gandhi was well aware of the difficulties of a hasty military action, but she needed to get the military's views to satisfy her hawkish colleagues and the public opinion, which were critical of India's restraint. By mid July, India had settled on a plan of attack. The ground in the East would
could not hold the village and had to retreat on 4 December towards the fortress called Kaiser-i-Hind outside Hussainiwala. The Indian forces were eventually pushed from the fortress a well. The Indian side suffered 125 casualties while the Pakistani forces lost 67 men. Simultaneously, Pakistani forces began an offensive on Chhamb, similar to the offensive carried out during the Indo-Pakistani war of 1965. The Pakistani 23 Armoured Division under Maj Gen Iftikhar Janjua pushed through the region held by the
could take eleven tricks without interruption; or, "We're down off the top", to mean that the defenders, having the opening lead, can immediately take as many tricks as necessary to defeat the contract. Offside Unfavorably located, from the point of view of the player taking a finesse. If East holds the ♣K and North the ♣AQ, from South's point of view the ♣K is offside. Contrast Onside. Olympiad A world bridge championship held every four years under the auspices of
counted respected figures such as Elihu Root and George Frisbie Hoar among their number; Root cared so strongly about the issue that after the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment he refused to stand for re‑election to the Senate. Bryan and the reformers argued for popular election through highlighting flaws they saw within the existing system, specifically corruption and electoral deadlocks, and through arousing populist sentiment. Most important was the populist argument; that there was a need to "Awaken, in the
countries and territories. attracting favourable viewing figures since its premiere episode, Australian free-to-air network Seven Network started broadcasting the first series of The Grand Tour in mid-October 2017. Series 2 and 3 have not been broadcast. French channel RMC Découverte started broadcasting the first series with the Namibian special episodes on 29 November 2017 and L'Équipe (TV channel) broadcast episodes 1 and 13 on 15 January 2018. At the start of 2018, high-speed Eurostar train services between Paris or Brussels
countries were allied with both the United States and Pakistan, it was easy for Kissinger to encourage them to participate. He sent letters to both, the King of Jordan and the King of Saudi Arabia. President Nixon gave permission for Jordan to send ten F-104s and promised to provide replacements. F-86s from Saudi Arabia helped camouflage the extent of PAF losses, and some Libyan F-5s were reportedly deployed to Sargodha AFB, perhaps as a potential training unit to prepare Pakistani
countries, primarily developing countries, include some who seek to one day become either a member state of the European Union, or more closely integrated with the European Union. The EU offers financial assistance to countries within the European Neighbourhood, so long as they meet the strict conditions of government reform, economic reform and other issues surrounding positive transformation. This process is normally underpinned by an Action Plan, as agreed by both Brussels and the target country. There is also the
countries. January 16 – El Salvador officials and rebel leaders sign the Chapultepec Peace Accords in Mexico City, ending the 12-year Salvadoran Civil War that claimed at least 75,000 lives. January 19 In the Bulgarian presidential election, the first held by direct vote, Zhelyu Zhelev, leader of the Union of Democratic Forces, retains office. Paramount Leader of China Deng Xiaoping speaks in Shenzhen during his southern tour, a move that would return China on its right-wing march towards free market
country during 2020, and a total of 956,000 people emigrated from a member state to go to a non-EU country during the same year. More than two thirds (68.2%) of EU inhabitants lived in urban areas in 2020, which is slightly less than the world average. Cities are largely spread out across the EU with a large grouping in and around the Benelux. The EU contains about 40 urban areas with populations of over 1 million. With a population of
country has strong trade ties with ASEAN countries and major South American economies, and is the largest trading partner of Brazil, Chile, Peru, Uruguay, Argentina, and several others. In 2013, China initiated the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), a large global infrastructure building initiative with funding on the order of $50–100 billion per year. BRI could be one of the largest development plans in modern history. It expanded significantly over the next six years and, as of April 2020, included
cousins, Steve Korthof and Stan Love, and professional model Rocky Pamplin, a college friend of Stan. Under their supervision, Wilson maintained a healthy, drug-free lifestyle for several months. In early 1977, he produced Adult/Child, intended as the follow-up to Love You, but some bandmates voiced concerns about the work, leading to its non-release. In March, the Beach Boys signed with CBS Records, whose contract required Wilson to compose most of the material for all subsequent albums. According to Gaines, Wilson
coverage by the News of the World later the same month. No proof that the Cobblerson auction was real has ever been provided; it has, however, been mentioned in later articles listing past virginity auctions. In late January 2004, the British tabloid News of the World reported that 18-year-old lesbian Rosie Reid was auctioning her virginity to pay for her school tuition. She initially listed the auction on eBay, posting: "Eighteen-year-old university student looking to sell virginity. Never lost it
crash as having arisen from his own misbehaviour at Gordonstoun: "It is beyond me how serious film-makers would wish to turn such a dreadful tragedy into a series of invented scenes bearing no relation to the truth". Vickers later added that Philip considered suing the show's producers over the inaccurate portrayal of his sister's death and its aftermath. Phil Owen of The Wrap saw dry comedy in Northam's portrayal of Prime Minister Eden, stating: "I'm assuming that creator Peter Morgan
created in 1990, and the Trans-European Combined Transport network. TEN-T comprises two network layers: the Core Network, which is to be completed by 2030; and the Comprehensive Network, which is to be completed by 2050. The network is currently made up of 9 core corridors: the Baltic–Adriatic Corridor, the North Sea–Baltic Corridor, the Mediterranean Corridor, the Orient/East–Med Corridor, the Scandinavian–Mediterranean Corridor, the Rhine–Alpine Corridor, the Atlantic Corridor, the North Sea–Mediterranean Corridor, and the Rhine–Danube Corridor. Road transportation was organised under
creative goods exports in 2021. In 2022, China overtook the US in the Nature Index, which measures the share of published articles in leading scientific journals. The Chinese space program started in 1958 with some technology transfers from the Soviet Union. However, it did not launch the nation's first satellite until 1970 with the Dong Fang Hong I, which made China the fifth country to do so independently. In 2003, China became the third country in the world to independently
crimes in Bamyan, Afghanistan, claiming that Pakistani warplanes had bombarded Afghanistan's last Shi'a stronghold in support of the Taliban government. Iran considers northern and western Afghanistan as its sphere of influence since its population is Persian Dari speaking. Pakistan considers southern and eastern Afghanistan as its sphere of influence since it is Pashto and Baloch speaking such as the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan, respectively. Since 2000, relations between Iran and Pakistan have steered towards normalization, and economic cooperation has strengthened.
critics consensus reads: "Utterly predictable and wholly of its time, but warm, sincere, and difficult to resist, due in large part to Morita and Macchio's relaxed chemistry." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 61 out of 100, based on 16 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale. On its release, Roger Ebert called the film one of the year's best,
cross-IMP scoring: Five North/South pairs play a board when vulnerable against non-vulnerable opponents. One pair makes a 4♠ contract, scoring +620, while the other North/South pairs score −100, −100, −300, and +650, respectively. To determine the average cross-IMP score for the pair making 4♠, the table at right is created, entering the contract points scored by each pair. Each of the other North/South's scores are subtracted from the +620 score and the result entered in the point-differential cells. For each
crown design based on the crown of Henry VII, as "chosen and always used by Queen Victoria personally". This style was used until after the accession of Elizabeth II in 1952, when the design reverted to a style with depressed arches used by Charles II. The design was updated again after the accession of Charles III, to a design similar to that adopted in 1901. There have also been changes to the depiction of the Irish harp, with the frame
cue bid is usually "colors first", but a takeout double is usually more "values first". Combination Suit combination. A combination finesse is one of several tactics in play of the cards that includes multiple finesses in one suit or combines another technique with a finesse. Combination play A line of play that offers more than one chance to take additional tricks: for example, playing to drop an honor in a longer suit and then finessing for an honor in a
currency union represents 345 million EU citizens. The euro is the second largest reserve currency as well as the second most traded currency in the world after the United States dollar. The euro, and the monetary policies of those who have adopted it in agreement with the EU, are under the control of the ECB. The ECB is the central bank for the eurozone, and thus controls monetary policy in that area with an agenda to maintain price stability. It
currency, becoming the first former Soviet Republic to replace the Soviet rouble. In Paraguay the National Constituent Assembly approves the new Constitution of Paraguay. June 21 – Nelson Mandela announces that the African National Congress will halt negotiations with the government of South Africa following the Boipatong massacre of June 17. June 23 – The Israeli legislative election is won by the Israeli Labor Party under the leadership of Yitzhak Rabin, ousting a Likud government. June 25 – The Black
current bid. When an auction's time period expires, the highest bidder wins the item and must pay a final bid price. Unlike in a conventional auction, the final price is typically much lower than the value of the item, but all bidders (not just the winner) will have paid for each bid placed; the winner will buy the item at a very low price (plus price of rights-to-bid used), all the losers will have paid, and the seller will typically
currently Hungary, from progressing into closed autocracies. Three member states have permanent opt-outs from certain aspects of the union: Denmark has an opt-out from the eurozone and the area of freedom, security and justice (AFSJ); Ireland has an opt-out of the Schengen area, due to its open border with the UK, and a partial opt-out from the AFSJ Poland has a partial opt-out of the Charter of Fundamental Rights. African Union – Continental union of African states Brussels and the
cutting the bottom half at the end of each day. Sometimes the qualifiers continue with a fraction of their qualifying margins as carryover, which effectively gives weight less than one to points scored in the earlier, larger, lower-quality field. Sometimes there is no carryover; comfortable and borderline qualification are equivalent in the next stage. Cash To take a trick with a card that is currently the highest in the suit, thought likely to succeed, or to take all available winners
dance", OE tumbian "to dance, tumble") tombée tombereau tonne "tun" tonneau tonnelle tonnelier tonneler tonnage tonneau "cask" tonneler "to tunnel" tonnelier "a cooper" tonnellerie tonnelle "a vault, arbour" toper "to hold the suggested stake (at dice)" toque "a cap" ( < It tocca < Lomb tōh "pack" < Gmc) toquet toquer "to offend" ( < LL *toccare "to knock" < Gmc, cf OHG zuchōn "to strike, jerk", OE tucian "to offend, mistreat") toc tocsin touaille "towel, tablecloth" ( < OFr
data and sending out corrections. The system will supplement Galileo in a future version. The Copernicus Programme is the EU's Earth observation programme coordinated and managed by EUSPA in partnership with ESA. It aims at achieving a global, continuous, autonomous, high quality, wide range Earth observation capacity, providing accurate, timely and easily accessible information to, among other things, improve the management of the environment, understand and mitigate the effects of climate change, and ensure civil security. The Common Agricultural Policy
date back to 1911. Also commonly used is The Sacred Harp, Revised Cooper Edition (2012), colloquially known as the "Cooper Book" or the "blue book". It has significant overlap in contents with the Denson Book but a different revision history dating back to a 1902 revision. The Cooper Book contains a much higher proportion of songs influenced by gospel music than the Denson Book. In some regions, the Cooper Book is the primary edition of the Sacred Harp used; elsewhere,
date back to China's early dynasties as well. Physical fitness is widely emphasized in Chinese culture, with morning exercises such as qigong and tai chi widely practiced, and commercial gyms and private fitness clubs are gaining popularity. Basketball is the most popular spectator sport in China. The Chinese Basketball Association and the American National Basketball Association also have a huge national following amongst the Chinese populace, with native-born and NBA-bound Chinese players and well-known national household names such as Yao
dated Melinda Kae Ledbetter from 1986 to late 1989. Ledbetter attributed the premature end of their relationship to interference by Landy. After 1991, he and Ledbetter reconnected and married on February 6, 1995, Ledbetter became Wilson's manager. They adopted five children. By 2012, Wilson had six grandchildren, two daughters of Carnie and four sons of Wendy. Ledbetter died on January 30, 2024. In his social media, Wilson declared she "was my savior. She gave me the emotional security I needed
dates back to the 1960s when Iran supplied Pakistan with American military weaponry and spare parts after America cut off their military aid to Pakistan. After the 1971 Indo-Pakistani War, the new Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto immediately withdrew Pakistan from CENTO and SEATO after Bhutto thought that the military alliances failed to protect or appropriately assist Pakistan and instead alienated the Soviet Union. A serious military cooperation took place during the Balochistan insurgency phases against the armed separatist movement
datum score, most often calculated as the average score on board, excluding a number of top and bottom results. Sometimes, the median score is used instead. In "cross-IMP" or "Calcutta" scoring, every score on board is compared against every other score (sometimes excluding top and bottom results) and IMPs summed up (and possibly averaged, to reduce "inflation"). Example of averaged cross-IMP scoring: Five North/South pairs play a board when vulnerable against non-vulnerable opponents. One pair makes a 4♠ contract, scoring
daughter Maria for the leadership of the Imperial Family of Russia. April 22 – Fuel leaking into a sewer causes a series of explosions in Guadalajara, Mexico; 215 are killed, 1,500 injured. April 27 – Betty Boothroyd becomes the first woman elected Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. April 28 – The two remaining constituent republics of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia – Serbia and Montenegro – form a new state, named the Federal
de Janeiro, Brazil; the 2002 World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg, South Africa; and the 2012 UN Conference on Sustainable Development (UNCSD) in Rio de Janeiro. Other key global agreements are the Paris Agreement and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (United Nations, 2015). The SDGs recognise that all countries must stimulate action in the following key areas – people, planet, prosperity, peace and partnership – in order to tackle the global challenges that are crucial for the
de Mayo skydiving event. In the Cayman Islands, in the Caribbean, there is an annual Cinco de Mayo air guitar competition, and at Montego Bay, Jamaica, there is a Cinco de Mayo celebration. The city of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, holds an annual Mexican Festival to honor the day, and celebrations are held in London and New Zealand. Other celebrations of the day can also be found in Cape Town, South Africa, Lagos, Nigeria, and in Paris, France. Cinco de Mayo
deal," referencing a $250,000 deposit put up by an Australian businessman who later backed out after reconciling with his ex-wife. In September 2008, Italian model Raffaella Fico reported in an interview that she would auction off her virginity for one million Euros, but this appeared to be a publicity-seeking claim. When the Italian comedy show Le Iene sent actor Paolo Calabresi dressed up as a rich Arab sheik to offer Fico one million euros, Fico admitted the auction was only
debts, the sales lasting for months. One of the most significant historical auctions was in 193 AD, when the entire Roman Empire was put on the auction block by the Praetorian Guard. On 28 March 193, the Praetorian Guard first killed emperor Pertinax, then offered the empire to the highest bidder. Didius Julianus won the auction at the price of 6,250 drachmas per guard, an act that initiated a brief civil war. Didius was beheaded two months later when Septimius
decide to award an average to each side. Law 12.C.2 of the Laws of Duplicate Contract Bridge states that if one pair is at fault, it receives an average-minus (at most, 40% of the available matchpoints on the board). A pair not at all at fault receives average-plus: 60% of the available matchpoints on the board, or, if greater, the average of the matchpoints the pair earned on other boards played during the session or of the matchpoints earned against
decision. On 7 March 1971, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman (soon to be prime minister) delivered a speech at the Racecourse Ground (now the Suhrawardy Udyan). In this speech he mentioned a further four-point condition to consider at the National Assembly Meeting on 25 March: The immediate lifting of martial law. Immediate withdrawal of all military personnel to their barracks. An inquiry into the loss of life. Immediate transfer of power to the elected representative of the people before the assembly meeting
declaration claiming to be able, then a four-day period begins during which the vice president remains acting president. If, by the end of this period, the vice president and a majority of the "principal officers" have not issued a second declaration of the president's inability, the president resumes his powers and duties; but if they do issue a second declaration within those four days, then the vice president remains acting president while Congress considers the matter. Then, if within 21
declaration of war between the two countries, Indian army had already been attacking the territory along the border with East Pakistan. This served the purpose of confusing Lt Gen Amir Niazi, the Martial Law Administrator of East Pakistan. These battles fought before the official declaration of war included the Battle of Dhalai, Garibpur and Hilli. On 28 October, Lt Gen Sagat Singh, commander of the IV Corps ordered the advance of Indian forces into the region of Dhalai near Tripura.
declare independence of East Pakistan during this rally but it was not officially recognized. As the conflict between East and West Pakistan developed in March, the Dacca offices of the two government organizations directly involved in relief efforts were closed for at least two weeks, first by a general strike and then by a ban on government work in East Pakistan by the Awami League. With this increase in tension, foreign personnel were evacuated over fears of violence. Relief work
declarer and declarer's partner select the trump suit on the basis of their combined length and strength in the suit: the greater length to ruff more losers in the plain suits, and the greater strength to better control the play of the trump suit itself. Information about trump suits generally in other card games can be found here. Two club system, or Two clubs system A bidding system that uses an opening bid of 2♣ as an artificial game force.
declarer holds ♥K432 opposite dummy's ♥Q765. The ♥2 is led to the ♥Q, which wins. Declarer now leads dummy's ♥5 and RHO follows with the ♥J. Declarer ducks, hoping that LHO must now play the ♥A. The play is obligatory because given the first heart trick, no other play can yield three tricks. 2) Of a falsecard: A falsecard that, like an obligatory finesse, cannot lose and might gain. An example is the play of the card that one is
declarer plays both declarer's cards and the dummy's. Dummy reversal A playing technique in trump contracts that gains extra tricks by ruffing in the hand that began with the longer trumps so that that hand ends up with shorter trumps. Dump To lose a match deliberately, usually so as to assist another team or pair in the event. A subject of considerable controversy in the 1990s and beyond. Duplicate bridge A form of bridge where every deal is played at
defendants from 48 hours to 96 hours. That day, 6,345 people were arrested. Nearly one third of the rioters arrested were released because police officers were unable to identify individuals in the sheer volume of the crowd. In one case, officers arrested around 40 people stealing from one store; while they were identifying them, a group of another 12 looters were brought in. With the groups mingled, charges could not be brought against individuals for stealing from specific stores, and
defender does not overruff, declarer might conclude that he could not overruff. Or if declarer does not ruff a loser in dummy, a defender might conclude that declarer does not have a loser in that suit. Negative response A bid that shows insufficient values for a stronger response. For example, a 2♦ response to a forcing 2♣ opening bid is often negative, as is a 1♦ response to a Precision 1♣. Negative slam double In a competitive auction, the double
delayed the arrival of other divisions to assist the 77th. The lack of any response — and in particular, a riot response — to the intersection, which emboldened rioters. Since attacks, looting, and arson were broadcast live, viewers could see that none of these actions were being stopped by police. As noted, after the verdicts were announced, a crowd of protesters formed at the Los Angeles police headquarters at Parker Center in Downtown Los Angeles. The crowd grew as the
delivered through the pipeline only upon delivery in India due to threats of terrorism from Pakistan. In addition, the international sanctions on Iran due to its controversial nuclear program could also become a factor in derailing IPI pipeline project altogether. The U.S. economic sanctions on Iran regarding their nuclear program generally affected Pakistan's industrial sector. The fruit industry of Pakistan has reportedly lost a lucrative market in Iran, where at least 30,000 tons of mango were exported previously, as a
democracy and socialism. Many Bengali Muslims strongly objected to the Islamist paradigm the Pakistani state imposed. Most members of West Pakistan's ruling elite shared a vision of a liberal society, but nevertheless viewed a common faith as an essential mobilizing factor behind Pakistan's creation and the subsuming of Pakistan's multiple regional identities into one national identity. West Pakistanis were substantially more supportive than East Pakistanis of an Islamic state, a tendency that persisted after 1971. Cultural and linguistic differences between
demolish Babri Masjid – a 16th-century mosque in Ayodhya which has been used as a temple since 1949 – leading to widespread communal violence, including the Bombay riots, in all killing over 1,500 people. December 12 – The 7.8 Mw Flores earthquake affects the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia with a maximum Mercalli intensity of VIII (Severe) leaving at least 2,500 dead. A destructive tsunami with wave heights of 25 m (82 ft) follows. December 16 – The Czech National
derived from the Vickrey auction and means the final deal sealing for the number one bidder is based on the second bidder's price. A No-reserve auction (NR), also known as an absolute auction, is an auction in which the item for sale will be sold regardless of price. From the seller's perspective, advertising an auction as having no reserve price can be desirable because it potentially attracts a greater number of bidders due to the possibility of a bargain. If
derogatory or facetious term for one's partner, or partners generally. Compare LHO and RHO, left- and right-hand opponents. Chuck (Slang) An error in bidding or play, which was or might have been costly. Also used as a verb. Chunky A suit with enough honor strength to play well unaided by partner's cards (but not solid) is chunky. Normally said of four-card suits. AQJ10 is a chunky suit; AQ96 is not chunky. Claim A statement by declarer about how the remaining
destinations (first in the Asia-Pacific). China was a world leader in science and technology until the Ming dynasty. Ancient and medieval Chinese discoveries and inventions, such as papermaking, printing, the compass, and gunpowder (the Four Great Inventions), became widespread across East Asia, the Middle East and later Europe. Chinese mathematicians were the first to use negative numbers. By the 17th century, the Western World surpassed China in scientific and technological advancement. The causes of this early modern Great Divergence continue
detention order. This location was selected to ensure his isolation and protection as well as to facilitate his forthcoming testimony before the Hamoodur Rahman Commission, which was established on 26 December 1971, to investigate the circumstances leading to Pakistan's military and political failures in East Pakistan. On 11 January 1972, Chief Justice Hamoodur Rahman sent a letter to Yahya, informing him that the commission would commence its proceedings on 17 January and requesting his statement by 24 January. During his
determine poverty status, 40.8 million lived below the poverty line in 2023 (or 12.5% of the total population). See the table below for the highest poverty rates by state. The list is initially sorted by poverty rate but the table headers can be clicked to sort by any column. Links are "Economy of Area" links. List of U.S. states and territories by income inequality List of lowest-income places in the United States List of lowest-income counties in the United States
devastated him: "It killed him. Killed him. I don't think he talked for days. [...] Brian took it as Murry not believing in him anymore." During this period, Wilson reportedly engaged in self-destructive behavior, including an attempt to drive off a cliff and a demand to be buried in a backyard grave he had dug. He channeled his despondence into writing "'Til I Die", later calling the song a summation of "everything I had to say at the time". Later
developmental aid to Pakistan, including oil and gas on preferential terms. Pakistan was a developing country and small power while Iran, in the 1960-70s, had the world's fifth-largest military, a strong economic/industrial base and was the clear, undisputed regional superpower. However, Iran's total dependence on the United States at that time for its economic development and military build-up had won it hostility from the more Soviet-aligned Arab world. Brief tensions between Iran and Pakistan arose in 1974, when Mohammad Reza
developments are a decline in manufacturing, increased globalization, and governmental policies. The decline in manufacturing is the most direct influence, as unions were historically beneficial and prevalent in the sector; for this reason, there may be an increase in developing nations as OECD nations continue to export manufacturing industries to these markets. The second reason is globalization, which makes it harder for unions to maintain standards across countries. The last reason is governmental policies. These come from both sides of
diamonds and clubs. The suit ranking has a profound effect on the bidding and scoring, but none at all on the play. See also Denomination, Major suit, and Minor suit). Suit preference signal A defensive carding method that signals a preference, or the lack thereof, for a suit other than the suit used for the signal. Superaccept A strongly encouraging response to a transfer, such as a jump completion (e.g., 1NT – 2♥; 3♠). Many partnerships use a conventional superacceptance
dictatorship, General Pervez Musharraf paid a two-day visit to Tehran on 8–9 December 1999. This was his first visit to Iran (and third international trip) since his military coup d'état of 12 October 1999 and subsequent seizure of power in Pakistan. In Iran, Musharraf held talks with Iranian President Mohammad Khatami and with the Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei. This visit was arranged to allow Musharraf to explain the reasons for his takeover in Pakistan. The meetings included discussions on
did again in 1900, 1904 and 1908; each time the House approved the appropriate resolution, and each time it died in the Senate. On the second national legislative front, reformers worked toward a constitutional amendment, which was strongly supported in the House of Representatives but initially opposed by the Senate. Bybee notes that the state legislatures, which would lose power if the reforms went through, were supportive of the campaign. By 1910, 31 state legislatures had passed resolutions calling for
did not reserve the right to bear a distinct coat of arms within the United Kingdom. The crest and torse are not employed by the Irish state today. Historically, the harp was frequently seen surmounted by a crown. In this case, the depiction is as heraldic badge, a device used to indicate allegiance to or the property of someone or something. Elizabeth I used the badge as her second Great Seal of 1586. This motif had earlier featured of the
did two shows in London, two in New York and two in LA, and you can't help but be engaged in seeing the performance. The audience was very much a part of what the performance was all about." Conversely, The Times' Stephen Dalton was skeptical of the album's myth and felt that most of the performance "sounded like whimsical juvenilia. It was clearly adventurous for its era but, with the best will in the world, it is not difficult to
different fields, and all of them had the same view of the media during the riots: they all believe the influence of the news coverage persuaded how the public looked at the riots. After the riots subsided, an inquiry was commissioned by the city Police Commission, led by William H. Webster (special advisor), and Hubert Williams (deputy special advisor, president of the Police Foundation). The findings of the inquiry, The City in Crisis: A Report by the Special Advisor to
different track, but also used a Jaguar F-Type R-Dynamic coupe to create the lap time. The use of celebrities was later dropped prior to filming of the third series, to dedicate more time to films. When the programme was first conceived and created, the production team opted for the creation of a dedicated test track for the purpose of being used for reviews of testing of vehicles by presenters, alongside the establishment of lap times by cars that are reviewed.
direct effect and supremacy doctrines were not explicitly set out in the European Treaties but were developed by the Court of Justice itself over the 1960s, apparently under the influence of its then most influential judge, Frenchman Robert Lecourt. The question whether the secondary law enacted by the EU has a comparable status in relation to national legislation, has been a matter of debate among legal scholars. The European Union is based on a series of treaties. These first established
direction is treated as North at a table in a duplicate event. Arrow switch The action of changing the North direction during an event, typically for the last round of a Mitchell movement, so that the pairs who were North-South become East-West and vice versa. This allows a single winning pair to be determined. Artificial A call that is not natural which by agreement carries a coded meaning not necessarily related to the call's (or to the prior call's) denomination.
direction, I have taken the command as the temporary Head of the Republic. In the name of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, I call upon all Bengalees to rise against the attack by the West Pakistani Army. We shall fight to the last to free our motherland. Victory is, by the Grace of Allah, ours. Joy Bangla. The Kalurghat Radio Station's transmission capability was limited, but the message was picked up by a Japanese ship in the Bay of Bengal. It was
director Phil Churchward, the husband of Fifth Gear's Vicki Butler-Henderson. The deal included 36 episodes across three series which would be available to Amazon Prime members starting in 2016. Wilman stated that Amazon promised them to have the freedom they wanted to make the show how they wanted along with the necessary budget. Additionally, by using a subscription-based service over an advert-based network, they would not be beholden to commercial pressure from their advertisers. Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon, said
director. Quotient Points won divided by the sum of points won and points lost, occasionally used to break a tie. Rainbow A movement used in individual events. Rainbow trick A trick consisting of all four suits, typically involving low cards. Raise A bid of partner's suit at a higher level. A raise shows a fit for partner's suit. 1?–2? is a single raise; 1?–3? is a double raise. Rank The position of an individual card relative to others: Aces have
disarmament crisis: The Executive Chairman of UNSCOM details Iraq's refusal to abide by UN Security Council disarmament resolutions. February 21 – The United Nations Security Council approves Resolution 743 to send a UNPROFOR peacekeeping force to Yugoslavia. February 25–26 – 613 Azerbaijani civilians are massacred in Khojaly. February 26 – The Supreme Court of Ireland rules that a 14-year-old rape victim may travel to the United Kingdom to have an abortion. February 28 – Ownership of the port town of
discharge the powers and duties" of the office. The amendment does not require that any particular type or amount of evidence be submitted to determine that the President is unable to perform his duties. While the framers did imagine that medical evidence would be helpful to the determination of whether the President is unable, neither medical expertise nor diagnosis is required for a determination of inability [...] To be sure, foremost in [the minds of the framers] was a physical
discussions only when the songwriters were struggling with "how to pull something off live". Wilson stated that he could recall little of Smile until Parks entered the project, while Parks himself had not listened to the original recordings in decades. According to Wilson, BWPS reimagined the original Smile concept "from scratch" and became "different, much different. Much more progressive, much happier, much more uplifting." Parks believed that a hypothetical 1967 version of Smile would not have significantly diverged from their
dispute over fishing rights. During the same year, the Schengen Agreement paved the way for the creation of open borders without passport controls between most member states and some non-member states. In 1986, the Single European Act was signed. Portugal and Spain joined in 1986. In 1990, after the fall of the Eastern Bloc, the former East Germany became part of the communities as part of a reunified Germany. The European Union was formally established when the Maastricht Treaty—whose main
disputes. Alternately, the organizing model typically involves full-time union organizers, who work by building up confidence, strong networks, and leaders within the workforce; and confrontational campaigns involving large numbers of union members. Many unions are a blend of these two philosophies, and the definitions of the models themselves are still debated. Informal workers often face unique challenges when trying to participate in trade union movements as formal trade union organizations recognized by the state and employers may not accommodate for
disputes. When the EU negotiates trade related agreement outside the WTO framework, the subsequent agreement must be approved by each individual EU member state government. The EU operates a competition policy intended to ensure undistorted competition within the single market. In 2001 the commission for the first time prevented a merger between two companies based in the United States (General Electric and Honeywell) which had already been approved by their national authority. Another high-profile case, against Microsoft, resulted in the
distribution of cards in defenders' hands that might make the play difficult for declarer. The defenders' trumps, for example, could be said to be stacked if they divide 5–0. Standard American or Standard American Yellow Card (SAYC) A bidding system thought to conform to agreements that an unfamiliar partnership in America would use. Stationary Not called to change seats during the movement being used. Stayman convention A conventional bid of 2♣ that calls for a 1NT opening bidder to bid
distribution of cards in unseen hands, and the location of high cards therein, by analyzing the bidding, play and other clues. Carding The defensive signaling used by a partnership. Carryover, or carry-over In a complex event, some participants begin a later stage with scores that depend on performance in an earlier stage. Simple accumulation of scores from stage to stage is full carryover but the term is commonly used only when carryover is less than full. Some team events have
distribution, no trump distribution, or NT distribution Balanced distribution. WikiProject Contract bridge deprecates the two-word "No Trump". NPC, or npc Non-playing captain. Nuisance bid An interference bid whose principal aim is not to preempt or to compete for the contract, but nevertheless to upset the smooth flow of the opponents' bidding sequence. Number, as "go for a number" A very large penalty: "He went for a number." Often, "telephone number", alluding to the size of that number if regarded as
divided into four parts where each partnership accumulates points either above the line or below the line. Only contract points are recorded below the line; all other points are recorded above the line. Any of the four players may be the recorder, his side being represented in the "We" column and the opponents in the "They" column. In the ensuing examples, South is the recorder (the 'We' on the score sheet). The following table summarizes the results of a rubber
divided into three parts, each consisting of five episodes: part one was released on July 18, 2024, part two was released on November 15, 2024, and part three was released on February 13, 2025. As the "Miyagi-verse" that shapes Cobra Kai consists of characters who interacted with Mr. Miyagi, the series offers a deeper exploration of themes and characters from The Karate Kid (1984), The Karate Kid Part II (1986), and The Karate Kid Part III (1989). All of the
division into battle. The region was heavily reinforced by the Indian I Corps commanded by Lt Gen Khem Karan Singh holding three infantry divisions, two independent armored brigades and two artillery brigades. The resultant battle raged till the end of the war on 16 December and recorded heavy losses on both sides. Despite being numerically superior than the Indian side, Pakistan failed at capturing the region and the Indian units pushed back and threatened Sialkot. The Battle of Basantar was
do better than that, sacrificed in 7♠ on a weak hand with five spades to the jack; this was doubled and went down nine for a score of -1700. The 510 point differential resulted in an 11 IMP swing in his team's favor. The 1987 change in scoring increased the penalty for down nine when doubled and not vulnerable from -1700 to -2300. Also, the "insult bonus" in rubber bridge for making a redoubled contract used to be only 50.
do not have to rely on the US GPS, or the Russian GLONASS systems, which could be disabled or degraded by their operators at any time. The European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) is a satellite-based augmentation system (SBAS) developed by the ESA and EUROCONTROL. Currently, it supplements the GPS by reporting on the reliability and accuracy of their positioning data and sending out corrections. The system will supplement Galileo in a future version. The Copernicus Programme is the EU's
does hold a place in our lives." Ultimately, Wilson agreed to the tour, lasting until September 2012, and to record the album That's Why God Made the Radio, released in June 2012. By that time, Wilson had renewed his creative partnership with Joe Thomas. Although Wilson was listed as the album's producer, Thomas was credited with "recording" and Love with "executive producer". In June 2013, Wilson's website announced that he was recording and self-producing new material with Don Was, Al
does not hold the values required to open the bidding (unless playing a strong pass bidding system). Passed out 1) A deal is passed out if the auction begins with four consecutive passes. There is no contract, no play of the hand, and (at rubber bridge) no score. The players proceed to the next deal. 2) A bid, double, or redouble (an action) is passed out if it is followed by three passes, which end the auction. The last action
does not play the same boards twice, or meet the same opponents twice etc. The most common movements for pairs tournaments are Howell and Mitchell. Moysian fit A 4–3 trump fit, or a contract with such a trump fit. Named after The Bridge World editor Alphonse "Sonny" Moyse Jr, who wrote and published a variety of articles that promoted the virtues of such fits or contracts, some bidding styles designed to locate them, and some techniques for playing them well.
dog, Nitus, were featured in Jerry Rice & Nitus' Dog Football, a video game for the Wii that was released on August 16, 2011. Rice served as an alumni captain for "Team Rice" during the 2014 and 2016 Pro Bowls. In 2022, Rice partnered with the American Red Cross to raise awareness about blood donations. Rice has played golf for over 20 years and woke up early to play golf during his football career. He competed in the Fresh Express
double that is intended to convey information rather than to exact a penalty from the opponents. Such doubles include the takeout double, the negative double, the support double, the responsive double and the lead-directing double, although the latter is intended to convey information and to penalize. Infraction A player’s breach of the Laws of Bridge or of a lawful regulation made under them. In front of A card or holding that is to the right of or under another. To
double was followed by a pass. Lebensohl (Leb) Responder's bid of 2NT as a puppet to 3♣ in preparation for a sign-off. Normally used after an overcall of partner's 1NT opening, or after a double of partner's weak two bid. Also used after opponents weak two bid and partner's balancing take-out double. Leg (Slang) game. Normally used in reference to rubber bridge. "A leg up" means being vulnerable vs. non-vulnerable opponents. "Cut off their leg" means becoming vulnerable vs. opponents
double. Also, "cracked", a doubled contract, regardless of the result; as in e.g. "The contract was 2♠ cracked". Crash (Usually written CRASH or CRaSh) Acronym for Color, RAnk and SHape; a convention showing a 2-suited hand, as an overcall at first opportunity after an opponent's strong artificial 1♣, 1♦, 2♣ or 2♦ opening. The two suits share the same color (red or black), rank (majors, or minors) or shape (rounded or pointed). The type of pairing is shown by the
down. Although the violence focused on the provincial capital, Dacca, it also affected all parts of East Pakistan. Residential halls of the University of Dacca were particularly targeted. The only Hindu residential hall—Jagannath Hall—was destroyed by the Pakistani armed forces, and an estimated 600 to 700 of its residents were murdered. The Pakistani army denied any cold-blooded killings at the university, but the Hamoodur Rahman Commission in Pakistan concluded that overwhelming force was used. This fact, and the massacre at
downloads, for free on their website. See Category:Musical groups established in 1997 See Category:Musical groups disestablished in 1997 As Friends Rust (reformed with a new line-up and in a new location after breaking up earlier that year) Blondie (reformed after broke up in 1982) Depeche Mode (reformed after being on hiatus since 1995) Echo & the Bunnymen (reformed after being on hiatus since 1992) Jane's Addiction (reformed after broke up in 1991) Sunny Day Real Estate (reformed after being on
drama and sumptuous costumes." On Metacritic, the second season holds a score of 87 out of 100, based on 27 critics. Foy and Smith both earned significant praise from critics. Chancellor Agard of Entertainment Weekly wrote "As always, Claire Foy turns in an amazingly restrained performance." Reviewing the first episode, Gabriel Tate of The Daily Telegraph wrote that Foy and Smith have "seldom been better". Hugo Rifkind of The Times said "While ardent monarchists might bristle at the way this
drawn from Spector's productions. He also occasionally recorded at Gold Star, where most of his sessions were engineered by Stan Ross. He first used the Wrecking Crew for productions with the Honeys in March 1963, and two months later, during sessions for Surfer Girl, he began gradually integrating these musicians into Beach Boys records. Until 1965, the band members typically performed the instrumentation, but as Wilson's sessions came to necessitate 11 or more different players, his reliance on the Wrecking
due to his association with comedic roles such as Arnold on Happy Days, and because the studio did not find him believable as an Okinawan immigrant. Morita then grew out his beard and recorded a second audition using an accent patterned after his uncle; this led to him being cast. Crispin Glover was the first choice to play Johnny, but the studio later opted for William Zabka. After his audition, Zabka saw Macchio, who noted that Zabka scared him during
dummy's tenace, preparing to finesse for a missing card. A defender may lead through declarer's or dummy's tenace to help his partner score cards behind the tenace. Texas transfer, or Texas A convention whereby a bid of 4♦ or 4♥ in response to a notrump bid requests partner to transfer to 4♥ or 4♠ respectively. Their hand (Slang) A hand on which the opponents have the preponderance of strength. Thin (Slang) 1) A bid or contract based on less strength
dummy. In duplicate bridge only, game and partial-game bonuses are awarded at the conclusion of each deal as follows: any partial contract, i.e. one scoring less than 100 contract points, scores a bonus of 50 points, and any game contract, i.e. one scoring 100 or more points, scores a game bonus of 300 if not vulnerable and 500 if vulnerable. In four-deal bridge (Chicago) only, contract points accumulate toward a game like in rubber bridge, but game bonuses are awarded
dummy. Slightly different rules apply when screens are in use. Announcement A method of promptly informing the opponents that partner's call has a particular meaning. The purposes of announcements and alerts are similar, but an announcement gives the meaning where an alert may prompt the opponents to ask the meaning. Sponsoring organizations set rules on which calls should be announced. The ACBL specifies announcements including "Transfer" for some transfer replies to notrump bids, the point range such as "15 to
duplicate bridge are played. The Laws include the Proprieties, which discuss the game's customs and etiquette — often far more important than procedural matters. The Laws apply worldwide. Individual sponsoring organizations, such as the ACBL and the EBL, establish their own regulations for play, which may amplify the Laws but may not conflict with them. One important difference between the laws of rubber bridge (contract) and duplicate bridge is that rubber players are expected to deal with irregularities themselves while
during other performances. In March, Capitol released "Surfin' U.S.A.", the Beach Boys' first top-ten single. The accompanying album peaked at number two on the Billboard charts by July, cementing the Beach Boys as a major commercial act. Against Venet's wishes, Wilson collaborated with artists outside Capitol, including the Liberty Records duo Jan and Dean. Wilson co-wrote "Surf City" with Jan Berry, which topped U.S. charts in July 1963, his first composition to do so. The song's success revitalized Jan and
during the Tang dynasty. Li Bai and Du Fu opened the forking ways for the poetic circles through romanticism and realism respectively. Chinese historiography began with the Shiji, the overall scope of the historiographical tradition in China is termed the Twenty-Four Histories, which set a vast stage for Chinese fictions along with Chinese mythology and folklore. Pushed by a burgeoning citizen class in the Ming dynasty, Chinese classical fiction rose to a boom of the historical, town and gods and
during the regime of Joseph Stalin due to its closeness to Shamanism. In Nepal, one type of Jew's harp is named the murchunga (Nepali: मुर्चुङ्गा). It is very similar to an Indian morsing or morchang in that the tongue (or twanger) extends beyond the frame, thus giving the instrument more sustain. The binayo (Nepali: बिनायो बाजा) is a bamboo Jew's harp, in the Kiranti musical tradition from Malingo. It is popular in the Eastern Himalayan region of Nepal, Sikkim, Darjeeling,
during the start-of-term feast, lead Harry and his friends to think Snape is aiding Voldemort. Argus Filch, the school caretaker who knows the school's secret passages better than anyone else except, perhaps, the Weasley twins. His cat, Mrs. Norris, aids his constant hunt for misbehaving pupils. Other members of staff include: the dumpy Herbology teacher and Head of Hufflepuff House Professor Sprout, Professor Flitwick, the tiny and excitable Charms teacher and Head of Ravenclaw House, the soporific History of magic
during which the imperial library was burned, the Han dynasty emerged to rule China between 206 BCE and 220 CE, creating a cultural identity among its populace still remembered in the ethnonym of the modern Han Chinese. The Han expanded the empire's territory considerably, with military campaigns reaching Central Asia, Mongolia, Korea, and Yunnan, and the recovery of Guangdong and northern Vietnam from Nanyue. Han involvement in Central Asia and Sogdia helped establish the land route of the Silk Road,
dynamic shifts. Chromaticism and tertian movement are other recurring harmonic devices in his work. His bass parts are often melodic and prominent within his arrangements, with his most extensive use of chromaticism, particularly through a descending bass line, displayed in the a cappella composition "Our Prayer" (1969). Some of Wilson's songs incorporate a I – IV – I – V pattern, a formula derived from "Da Doo Ron Ron", as well as a circle of fifths sequence that begins with
dynasty also saw a revival of Confucianism, in response to the growth of Buddhism during the Tang, and a flourishing of philosophy and the arts, as landscape art and porcelain were brought to new levels of complexity. However, the military weakness of the Song army was observed by the Jin dynasty. In 1127, Emperor Emeritus Huizong, Emperor Qinzong and the capital Bianjing were captured during the Jin–Song wars. The remnants of the Song retreated to southern China and reestablished the
dynasty arms (an 11th-century O'Brien is listed as the "fundator" of the abbey). The arms may have been granted to Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair, King of Connacht and the last High King of Ireland before the Norman invasion, by the abbey as a gift to return his patronage. The arms were given as the "old tyme arms" of Ireland by the Athlone Pursuivant, Edward Fletcher, c. 1575 and, with slight change of tinctures, became the arms of Connacht in the seventeenth
déranger arranger ranz "ranz des vaches" râpe "a rasp, grater, grate" râpe "stalk (of grapes), stem" râper "to grate, rasp" râpe râpure "raspings" ras "fast ocean current" ( < ON rās "current, course, race" < Gmc) rat "rat" rate ratier ratière raton rater ratatiner "to shrivel up" rate "spleen, milt" ratelée rateleux rater "to misfire" ratine "cloth" ratiner raton "racoon" rattacher "to re-attach" rattraper "to recapture" rayon "honeycomb" ( < Frk *hrâta cf M.Dut "rata" ) rebander "to retie, refasten"
each group (unless arrow-switching has been applied - see above). In board-a-match team game, the matchpoints are calculated using a similar principle. Since there are only two teams involved, the only possible results are 1 (won), ½ (tied), and 0 (lost) points per board. In International Match Point (IMP) scoring, the difference in total points scored (or "swing") is converted to IMPs using the standard IMP table below. The purpose of the IMP table, which has sublinear dependency on differences,
each to 300 each, was made in 1987 after a hand in the finals of the 1981 Bermuda Bowl. Munir Attaullah and Jan-e-Alam Fazli, playing for Pakistan, reached a vulnerable 7♥ contract, which would have scored them 2210. But their non-vulnerable opponent Jeff Meckstroth, playing for USA, calculated that down 11 would cost only 2100 points and thinking he might do better than that, sacrificed in 7♠ on a weak hand with five spades to the jack; this was doubled
early return to their homeland of the 10 million Bengali refugees who were the cause of the war. In announcing the Pakistani surrender, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi declared in the Indian Parliament: Dacca is now the free capital of a free country. We hail the people of Bangladesh in their hour of triumph. All nations who value the human spirit will recognise it as a significant milestone in man's quest for liberty. Colonel John Gill of National Defense University, US,
earned a black belt to defend himself from neighborhood bullies. Drawing on both the article and elements of his own life, Kamen developed the screenplay for The Karate Kid. Because director John G. Avildsen had also helmed the Rocky films, Sylvester Stallone frequently joked with Kamen that he had "ripped off" Rocky when writing The Karate Kid. DC Comics owns a character called Karate Kid, a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes who was created in 1966. The filmmakers received
economic system as the socialist market economy. Modern-day China is often described as an example of state capitalism or party-state capitalism, with both market forces and the state playing a major role in the economy. China has numerous state-owned enterprises; the state dominates in strategic "pillar" sectors such as infrastructure, telecommunications, finance, energy production and heavy industries. The Chinese government issues five-year plans to guide the direction of the economy. Private enterprise has expanded enormously, with around 57 million private
educate students about its historical significance. Special events and celebrations highlight Mexican culture, especially in its music and regional dancing. Examples include baile folklórico and mariachi demonstrations held annually at the Plaza del Pueblo de Los Ángeles, near Olvera Street. Commercial interests in the United States have capitalized on the celebration, advertising Mexican products and services, with an emphasis on alcoholic beverages, foods, and music. According to Nielsen, in 2013 more than $600 million worth of beer was purchased in
effect is quite beyond attainment by such means. The multitudes who compose the working class are too numerous and too widely scattered to combine at all, much more to combine effectually. If they could do so, they might doubtless succeed in diminishing the hours of labour, and obtaining the same wages for less work. They would also have a limited power of obtaining, by combination, an increase of general wages at the expense of profits.Beyond this claim, Mill also argued
effectively ending the Sandline affair. April 3 – The Thalit massacre in Algeria: all but 1 of the 53 inhabitants of Thalit are killed by guerrillas. April 14 Fire breaks out in a pilgrim camp on the Plain of Mena, 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) from Mecca; 343 die. Former SS Captain Erich Priebke is retried; on July 22 he is sentenced to fifteen years in prison. April 18 – The Red River of the North breaks through dikes and floods
effort to increase transparency. In the UK, historically, auction houses were perceived to sell properties which may have been repossessed — where a home owner fails to make regular mortgage payments — or were probate sales ( i.e., a family home being sold by the heirs). However, more recently, selling at auction has become an alternative to a normal property sale, due to the speedy nature of the entire process. In China, land auctions are under the sole control of
eight people at two tables. The North–South pair at one table and East–West pair at the other table are teammates. Every deal is played at both tables ("duplicate") and scored by comparing the two raw scores — usually on the IMP or board-a-match scale. Matches are commonly played in sets of 6 to 20 deals, with scoring required and player substitutions permitted between sets. 2) (Noun) A group of four or more players who compete together in a teams event.
either a pick-up slip or a traveller. Scramble 1) To bid to a safer contract. 2) To score small trumps by ruffing, rather than as long cards. Often used of the play of a contract based on a Moysian fit. Screen A device which divides the table diagonally, visually separating partners from each other. Used in higher-level competition to reduce the possibility of unauthorized information. Screenmates Opponents who sit on the same side of the screen. Seat Position relative to
either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide", to issue a written declaration that the president is unable to discharge his duties. When such a declaration is sent to Congress, the vice president immediately becomes acting president, while (as with Section 3) the president remains in office, temporarily divested of authority. John Feerick, the principal draftsman of the amendment, writes that Congress deliberately left the terms unable and inability
elbow in the NFC Championship against the New York Giants, ending with the 49ers losing 15–13, failing to repeat as NFC champions for a third time; Rice went for five receptions and 54 yards in the game. In 1991, Montana was ruled out for the season with an injury, making Steve Young the starting quarterback. Along with Montana, teammates Ronnie Lott and Roger Craig had left in free agency, making Rice "the last of the Mohicans" as he described himself,
election that followed its vote. The court declined to rule on the constitutionality of COLAs in general. In Schaffer v. Clinton, the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ruled (explicitly disagreeing with Boehner) that receiving such a COLA does not grant members of the Congress standing in federal court to challenge it; the Supreme Court did not hear either case, and so has never ruled on this amendment's effect on COLAs. The No Budget, No Pay Act
elections and weakened those of Congress by overriding Congress's power to override state laws affecting the manner of senatorial elections. Since the 1890s, nearly all blacks in the South, and many poor whites, had been disenfranchised by new provisions in state constitutions that were discriminatory in practice. This meant that these millions of people had no political representation, and most of the South was de facto one-party states. The "rider" was intended to enable these states to continue these practices,
elements derived from the coat of arms of the Kingdom of England. The shields of both versions of the arms quarter the arms of the kingdoms of England and Scotland, which united to form the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707, and the Kingdom of Ireland, which united with Great Britain to form the United Kingdom in 1801. The Irish quarter was unaltered following the division of Ireland into Northern Ireland and the Irish Free State in 1922. The present
elk bears a flag with the arms of the De Burgh family (described above). The supporters were blazoned as follows: Dexter a lion gules armed langued and collared or, supporting a flagstaff proper, therefrom flowing to the sinister a banner azure, charged with a harp or, stringed argent, surmounted by an imperial crown proper; Sinister an Irish elk proper, collared or, supporting a like staff, therefrom flowing to the dexter a banner or charged with a cross gules. In 1971,
elsewhere. Except during the Commonwealth and the Protectorate in the mid-seventeenth century, and the use by William III of an inescutcheon of Nassau, the arms remained unchanged until the creation of the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707. The Acts of Union 1707 united the two kingdoms of England and Scotland into one Kingdom of Great Britain. The arms of the new kingdom impaled England and Scotland in the first and fourth quarters, representing their union, with France in the
emigrating to the United States. Open gun battles were televised, including an incident in which Korean shopkeepers armed with M1 carbines, Ruger Mini-14s, pump-action shotguns, and handguns exchanged gunfire with a group of armed looters, and forced their retreat. But there were casualties, such as 18-year-old Edward Song Lee, whose body can be seen lying in the street in images taken by photojournalist Hyungwon Kang. After events in Koreatown, the 670th MP Company from National City, California were redeployed to
employees of the auctioneer or the auction house. Bidding – the act of participating in an auction by offering to purchase an item for sale. Bid Construction Problem (BCP) – also known as the Bid Generation Problem (BGP), BCP is a NP-hard combinatorial problem addressed and solved by the bidder to determine the bid packages to bid on and their corresponding bidding prices. Buyer's premium – a fee paid by the buyer to the auction house; it is typically calculated
encouraged his wife to pursue extramarital affairs, including one with songwriter Tandyn Almer, while he engaged in an affair with her sister, the subject of his song "My Diane" (1978). Concurrently, Wilson maintained an affair with Debbie Keil, who inspired his song "The Night Was So Young" (1977). In July 1978, Wilson and Marilyn separated, and he filed for divorce in January 1979. Marilyn received custody of their children and a half share of Wilson's songwriting royalties. Wilson continued his
ended, Rice resumed playing in Week 7. In Week 10, against the New Orleans Saints, he had four receptions for 108 yards and two touchdowns in the 26–24 loss. In the following game, a 24–10 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, he had seven receptions for 103 yards and three receiving touchdowns in the 24–10 victory. His continued his productive streak with seven receptions for 126 yards and three touchdowns in a 38–24 victory over the Cleveland Browns in the
enjoy") saisie "legal execution" saisir "to seize" ( OFr < Lat sacire < Frk *sakjan "to claim" and *satjan "to place, establish", both < Gmc, cf OE sēcan "to seek" & OHG sazjan "to place") saisie saisine saisissable saisissant saisissement saisissable "seizable" insaisissable sale "dirty" ( < Gmc, cf OHG salo "dull, sallow, dirty") saleté salir salaud saligaud saleté "dirtiness" salir "to dirty" salissant salissure salle "hall" salon sarrau "frock, smock" ( < MHG sarroc "military garment" < Gmc) saule
enjoyed a great deal of media attention during his career. He once had a locally produced, self-filmed reality show called Life of Brian. He has often been on Cheap Seats. Following the World Series in 2010, a photo of Wilson celebrating with teammate Buster Posey appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated. Wilson also appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and Lopez Tonight. He has frequently starred in commercials. Wilson became a Christian at the age of 23.
enough to satisfy the seller. In practice, an auction advertised as "absolute" or "no-reserve" may nonetheless still not sell to the highest bidder on the day, for example, if the seller withdraws the item from the auction or extends the auction period indefinitely, although these practices may be restricted by law in some jurisdictions or under the terms of sale available from the auctioneer. A reserve auction is an auction where the item for sale may not be sold if
enough to shape the decisions of the foreign office. Yahya's older brother Agha Muhammad Ali Khan had been the Chief of the Intelligence Bureau. Having joined government service in 1935 as Police Inspector, he woud later serve as Superintendent (SP) in cities such as Lahore. Yahya and his wife Fakhra had a son, Ali Yahya Khan, and a daughter, Yasmeen Khan. His nephew Ahmed Ali was a Major who also served as Yahya's aide-de-camp from 1966 to 1969. A Time
entasser tassement tassement "a sinking, subsidence" tasser "to subside" taud "rain awning" taude tauder taudis "slum" terne (Bot.) "ternal" ternir ternissure teter "to suckle" tétin "nipple" tetine "an udder" teton "a teat" tette "a nipple, teat" teter tétin tetine teton Thiois tic "tic, twitch" ( < Gmc, cf Germ dial zecken, Germ zucken) tillac "a deck" tique "tick" tir "a shooting" tirailler "to pull, pester" tirailleur tirer "to draw" tir tire tiré tirade tireur tirage tiret tiroir attirer détirer étirer
entire four-tier military to the Indian Army – hence ending the Indo-Pakistani war of 1971. According to CIA estimates, more than 3,500 Indian soldiers and about 5,000 Pakistani soldiers lost their lives, with tens of thousands wounded in total. Another source states that Pakistan suffered around 8,000 killed and 25,000 wounded, while India had 3,000 dead and 12,000 wounded. The loss of armoured vehicles was similarly imbalanced and this finally represented a defeat for Pakistan. The Indian Army's improved performance
entitled to two senators as part of the Connecticut Compromise between the small and large states. This contrasted with the House of Representatives, a body elected by popular vote, and was described as an uncontroversial decision; at the time, James Wilson was the sole advocate of popularly electing the Senate, but his proposal was defeated 10–1. There were many advantages to the original method of electing senators. Prior to the Constitution, a federal body was one where states effectively formed
escalations between Iran and Israel. Both Iran and Pakistan face attacks by Baloch separatist militants in restive Balochistan region, leading to souring relations and mutual recriminations. The Balochistan Liberation Army and the Jaish ul-Adl are often accused of operating in each other's territory. In 2019, following a suicide bombing in Khash–Zahedan which killed 27 Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and wounded 13 others, Iranian officials criticized Pakistan. Iranian Major General Mohammad Ali Jafari asked Pakistan to conduct a crackdown against armed
especially at websites that offer duplicate bridge. Here the 2♣ opening is used for either hands with a good 6-card suit or longer (max one losing card) and a total of 18 HCP up to 23 total points – or "2+1⁄2NT", like 2NT but with 22–23 HCP. Whilst the 2♦ opening bid takes care of all hands with 24 points (HCP or with distribution points included) with the only exception of "Gambling 3NT". Opening bids at the one level are
establishment of European Political Cooperation which created an informal consultation process between member states with the aim of forming common foreign policies. In 1987 the European Political Cooperation was introduced on a formal basis by the Single European Act. EPC was renamed as the Common Foreign and Security Policy (CFSP) by the Maastricht Treaty. The stated aims of the CFSP are to promote both the EU's own interests and those of the international community as a whole, including the furtherance
establishment of permanent political-military institutions. The European Union Military Staff is under the authority of the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and the Political and Security Committee. It directs all military activities in the EU context, including planning and conducting military missions and operations in the framework of the Common Security and Defence Policy and the development of military capabilities, and provides the Political and Security Committee with military advice and recommendations on military
etc.) or the final contract. Used in bidding boxes, private scores, and occasionally elsewhere. XX (uppercase) Redouble, in print or manuscript representation of the auction (where alternatives are "R", "Rdbl", etc.) or the final contract. Used in bidding boxes, private scores, and occasionally elsewhere. X-IMPs Cross-IMPs. XYZ A convention used in an uncontested auction where 3 suits are bid at the one level. Thereafter a 2♣ is a puppet to 2♦, showing a weak ♦ or an invitational hand. A
eternity" or "Ireland to the end (of time)". Éire go Bráth (or Éirinn go Bráth) is also used in Irish and means the same thing. Go is a preposition, translatable as "to", "till/until", "up to". The phrase was used by the United Irishmen organisation in the 1790s. In 1847, a group of Irish volunteers, including U.S. Army deserters, joined the Mexican side in the Mexican–American War. These soldiers, known as Los San Patricios or Saint Patrick's Battalion, flew as their
ethnic heritages, such as the stilt houses in the south, the Yaodong buildings in the northwest, the yurt buildings of nomadic people, and the Siheyuan buildings in the north. Chinese literature has its roots in the Zhou dynasty's literary tradition. The classical texts of China encompass a wide range of thoughts and subjects, such as the calendar, military, astrology, herbology, and geography, as well as many others. Among the most significant early works are the I Ching and the Shujing,
etymologist Hensleigh Wedgwood wrote in 1855 that the derivation from jeu harpe opposes the French idiom, where "if two substantives are joined together, the qualifying noun is invariably the last". He refers to the jeu harpe derivation, but not to the jeu tromp derivation. Both theories—that the name is a corruption of jaws or jeu—are described by the Oxford English Dictionary as "lacking any supporting evidence." The OED says that, "more or less satisfactory reasons may be conjectured: e.g., that
evaluated the eight serving lieutenant generals who were his potential successors as chief of army staff. When asked by Bhutto for his opinion on Lieutenant General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, Tikka Khan did not recommend him. Tikka Khan later remarked, "I thought he was dull. In any case, he was the most junior of all the eight lieutenant generals." However Bhutto by-passed his recommendations, approved Lieutenant General Zia-ul-Haq to four-star rank, and appointed him as army chief. Upon retirement from the army,
even 4 or 5 levels as preempts. As a rule, a natural suit bid indicates a holding of at least four (or more, depending on the situation and the system) cards in that suit as an opening bid, or a lesser number when supporting partner; a natural NT bid indicates a balanced hand. Most systems use a count of high card points as the basic evaluation of the strength of a hand, refining this by reference to shape and distribution
even number of teams, which enables a complete set of head-to-head matches. Minor variants of great practical importance handle fields of any size by incorporating byes (definition 1) or matches with more than two teams (stipulated to have more than one winner, more than one winner, or both). Two major variants are double knockout, in which teams are eliminated after losing two matches, and repechage, in which one-match losers drop into a secondary event from which some number of top
event. Pick-up slip A type of score slip on which the result of a deal is recorded for the purpose of comparative scoring. Used in certain event formats, it is picked up after each round by the director or his caddy. Also referred to as a pick-up card. Contrast Traveller. Pin The lead of a high card from one hand to capture a singleton of lower rank in an opponent's hand. Pip 1) A spot card. 2) A suit symbol
eventually be 129 Juntas, mostly in California. When the groups got together, speakers used the Battle of Puebla as a rallying cry to fight for democracy, Hayes-Bautista said. The first Cinco de Mayo commemorations were held in Los Angeles and San Francisco in 1863 with parades, speakers and music. A year after, in 1863, 45 Mexican American women organized to provide aid to those affected by the continuing French-Mexican War going on at the time. They called their group the
ever seen Brian". In July 2005, Wilson performed at the Live 8 in Berlin, an event watched by about three million viewers on television. In September, he organized a charity drive for Hurricane Katrina victims, raising over $250,000. In November, Mike Love filed a lawsuit alleging that Wilson misappropriated his songs, likeness, the Beach Boys trademark, and the Smile album in connection with BWPS. The suit was dismissed. In October 2005, Arista Records released Wilson's album What I Really Want
evidence that trade unions reduce economic inequality. The economist Joseph Stiglitz has asserted that, "Strong unions have helped to reduce inequality, whereas weaker unions have made it easier for CEOs, sometimes working with market forces that they have helped shape, to increase it." Evidence indicates that those who are not members of unions also see higher wages. Researchers suggest that unions set industrial norms as firms try to stop further unionization or losing workers to better-paying competitors. The decline in
examples, South is the recorder (the 'We' on the score sheet). The following table summarizes the results of a rubber consisting of six deals. The following panels illustrate the progression of the scoring on the score sheet. Deal 1: South bids 2NT making 3. Only the contract points (70) are scored below the line; the overtrick points (30) are scored above the line. Deal 2: West bids and makes 4♥. This scores 120 contract points below the line; since there
except the dismissal of chiefs of the Pakistan Army, Pakistan Air Force, Pakistan Navy, and decommissioning of the Pakistan Marines. The War Commission, however, rejected the charge that 200,000 Bengali girls were raped by the Pakistan Army, remarking, "It is clear that the figures mentioned by the Dacca authorities are altogether fantastic and fanciful," and cited the evidence of a British abortion team that had carried out the termination of "only a hundred or more pregnancies". The commission also claimed
excess contract points do not carry over to the next game. A partnership that wins two games wins the rubber, receiving a bonus of 500 points if the opponents have won a game, and 700 points if they have not. Overtricks score the same number of points per odd trick, although their doubled and redoubled values differ. Bonuses vary between the two bridge variations both in score and in type (for example, rubber bridge awards a bonus for holding a
excessive force on minorities by LAPD and the effect of laissez-faire business on urban employment opportunities. Rioters were believed to have been motivated by racial tensions but these are considered one of numerous factors. Urban sociologist Joel Kotkin said, "This wasn't a race riot, it was a class riot." Many ethnic groups participated in rioting, not only African Americans. Newsweek reported that "Hispanics and even some whites; men, women, and children mingled with African Americans." When residents who lived near
executing all of them. Iran massed over 300,000 troops on the Afghan–Iranian border and threatened to invade Afghanistan to depose the Taliban, a government which it had never recognized. This strained Iran's relations with Pakistan, which continued to support the Taliban government. In May 1998, Pakistan conducted its first-ever nuclear weapons tests (codenamed Chagai-I), detonating five nuclear weapons at a controlled facility in its Balochistan province in response to Indian tests (codenamed Pokhran-II) a few days earlier, both events would
exhausted treasury. In 1644, Beijing was captured by a coalition of peasant rebel forces led by Li Zicheng. The Chongzhen Emperor committed suicide when the city fell. The Manchu Qing dynasty, then allied with Ming dynasty general Wu Sangui, overthrew Li's short-lived Shun dynasty and subsequently seized control of Beijing, which became the new capital of the Qing dynasty. The Qing dynasty, which lasted from 1644 until 1912, was the last imperial dynasty of China. The transition from Ming to
exist many bidding conventions that assign agreed meanings to various calls to assist players in reaching an optimal contract (or obstruct the opponents). The auction ends when, after a player bids, doubles, or redoubles, every other player has passed, in which case the action proceeds to the play; or every player has passed and no bid has been made, in which case the round is considered to be "passed out" and not played. The player from the declaring side who
experience of the Mexican Independence Day, Mexican Declaration of Independence, and the American Civil War in the Far West and Mexico. The Chicano movement began commemorating Cinco de Mayo in the second half of the twentieth century. According to David E. Hayes-Bautista, author of El Cinco de Mayo: An American Tradition, there is evidence that, in 1862, the same year the battle took place, the Mexican community in California started celebrating the victory of Cinco de Mayo. La Voz de
expires 50 years after publication, Section 171(b) of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 made an exception for 'any right or privilege of the Crown' not written in an act of parliament, thus preserving the rights of the Crown under the unwritten royal prerogative. In addition, use of the royal arms and devices for commercial purposes is specifically restricted in the UK (and in countries which are party to the Paris Convention) under sections 4 and 99 of the
fa designates C and F; for a song in G, fa designates G and C, and so on; hence it is called a moveable "do" system. When Sacred Harp singers begin a song, they normally start by singing it with the appropriate syllable for each pitch, using the shapes to guide them. For those in the group not yet familiar with the song, the shapes help with the task of sight reading. The process of reading through the song with
fact that the member states remain the 'masters of the Treaties', retaining control over the allocation of competences to the union through constitutional change (thus retaining so-called Kompetenz-kompetenz); in that they retain control of the use of armed force; they retain control of taxation; and in that they retain a right of unilateral withdrawal under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. In addition, the principle of subsidiarity requires that only those matters that need to be determined collectively
fact, we had a hard time slowing him down". In the final game of the regular season against the Atlanta Falcons, he surpassed Art Monk as the all-time leader in receptions, with 942; his performance included 12 receptions for 153 yards, a 41-yard touchdown-throw, and a fumble recovery for a touchdown; his yards total was enough to break the record for most receiving yards in a season, with 1,848 yards, coupled with 122 receptions and 15 touchdowns. He was selected
familiar from elsewhere in Protestant hymnody. However, many other Sacred Harp songs are quite different from mainstream hymns in their musical style: some, known as fuguing tunes, contain sections that are polyphonic in texture, and the harmony tends to deemphasize the interval of the third in favor of fourths and fifths. In their melodies, the songs often use the pentatonic scale or similar "gapped" (fewer than seven-note) scales. The harmonic and contrapuntal style of Sacred Harp singing is often referred
family and the sinister Severus Snape. Professor Quirrell is also featured in the novel. The main antagonists are Draco Malfoy, an elitist, bullying classmate, and Lord Voldemort, the most powerful evil wizard who becomes disembodied when he tries to kill baby Harry. According to a 1999 interview with Rowling, the character of Voldemort was created as a literary foil for Harry and his backstory was intentionally not fleshed-out at first: The basic idea... Harry, I saw Harry very very very
famous diplomats of the 20th century, played an integral role in developing the relationship between the United States and the People's Republic of China during the Nixon administration, which culminated in Nixon's 1972 visit to China. Kissinger's book focuses on Chinese history through the lens of foreign policy considerations, particularly his own brand of realpolitik. The book begins by inspecting China's historical views on peace and war, international order and compares it to the United States' approach to foreign policy.
fared better in the mountainous south and west. The Baiji was confirmed extinct on 12 December 2006. China has over 32,000 species of vascular plants, and is home to a variety of forest types. Cold coniferous forests predominate in the north of the country, supporting animal species such as moose and Asian black bear, along with over 120 bird species. The understory of moist conifer forests may contain thickets of bamboo. In higher montane stands of juniper and yew, the
father eventually led to the dissolution of his partnership with Usher. By mid-1962, Wilson was writing with disc jockey Roger Christian, whom he met via Murry or Usher, and with guitarist Bob Norberg, who later became his roommate. In October 1962, Safari Records—a short-lived label founded by Murry—released the single "The Surfer Moon" by Bob & Sheri, the first record to credit Brian as producer. The label's only other release was Bob & Sheri's "Humpty Dumpty", with both songs written
fear that it would allow the Bengalis to draft the constitution based on the Six Points and liberalism. To resolve the crisis, the Admiral Ahsan Mission was formed to provide recommendations. Its findings were met with favourable reviews from the political leaders of West Pakistan, with the exception of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, the chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party. However, the military leadership vetoed the mission's proposal. Zulfikar Ali Bhutto endorsed the veto, and subsequently refused to yield the premiership
feature) Bandits Cats Don't Dance (animated feature) Cinderella (telefilm) Elton John: Tantrums & Tiaras Hercules (animated feature) Holiday in Your Heart (telefilm) Michael Jackson: HIStory on Film, Volume II Music for Montserrat (telefilm) Rhyme & Reason Same Old Song Selena Slaves to the Underground Spiceworld Telling Lies in America The Crazy Stranger The Harmonists The Next Step The Right Connections The Tango Lesson The Wiggles Movie Wild Man Blues Year of the Horse January 1 – Noah Kahan, American folk
fever" and describes the irrational behavior of bidders at auctions. Suicide bidding is practice in reverse auctions, whereby a bidder submits a bid, which ends up in a loss for this bidder. Whenever bidders at an auction are aware of the identity of the other bidders there is a risk that they will form a "ring" or "pool" and thus manipulate the auction result, a practice known as collusion or more specially bid-rigging. By agreeing to bid only against outsiders,
fifth series. In September 2023, filming for an eighth episode began in Zimbabwe, which concluded in Botswana. Titled "One for the Road", it was released on 13 September 2024 as the only episode of the sixth series. The episode marks the end of Clarkson, Hammond, and May's working collaboration after 22 years. Clarkson, Hammond and May had been presenters on BBC's Top Gear. In May and Clarkson's case they had served as part of the rotating hosts of the original
film Bottom of the 9th. List of Major League Baseball annual saves leaders List of San Francisco Giants team records Career statistics from MLB · ESPN · Baseball Reference · Fangraphs · Baseball Reference (Minors) · Retrosheet · Baseball Almanac Official website
film adaptation to ensure that all three versions shared a consistent presentation. The PlayStation version was released with the other two versions in North America on 16 November 2001. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone received "mixed or average" reviews according to review aggregator Metacritic. Reviewers unanimously agreed the game was primarily for younger players and Harry Potter fans. Jeremy Conrad of IGN and Joe Rybicki of Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine noted some appeal for older adventure fans, but Mark
film company owned by Madonna was working on a movie about Rosie's story, though nothing further about the project was ever reported. In March 2005, 18-year-old Peruvian model Graciela Yataco was reported to be offering to sell her virginity to help her poor family and sick mother. In April 2005, she retracted the plan, reportedly turning down a $1.5 million offer from a Canadian man, and denying that the event had been a publicity stunt. In July 2007, a British
film directed by Chashi Nazrul Islam, featuring real Indian Army and Pakistani Army personnel. This was the first ever feature film about Bangladesh Liberation War. Hindustan Ki Kasam, a 1973 Bollywood war film directed by Chetan Anand about Operation Cactus Lilly. Aakraman, a 1975 Bollywood film set during this war featuring a romantic love triangle. Border, a 1997 Bollywood war film directed by J.P.Dutta. This movie is an adaptation from real life events that happened at the Battle of Longewala
film directed by J.P.Dutta. This movie is an adaptation from real life events that happened at the Battle of Longewala fought in Rajasthan (Western Theatre). 16 December, a 2002 film directed by Mani Shankar. 1971 – Prisoners of War, a 2007 Bollywood war film directed by Amrit Sagar. Set against the backdrop of a prisoner-of-war camp in Pakistan, it follows six Indian prisoners awaiting release after their capture during the war. Midnight's Children, a 2012 film was adapted from Salman
film, which later received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Original Song. In October, BBC released a re-recorded version of "God Only Knows" —featuring Wilson, Brian May, Elton John, Jake Bugg, Stevie Wonder, Lorde, and others—to commemorate the launch of BBC Music. A week later, he was featured as a guest vocalist on Emile Haynie's single "Falling Apart". His cover of Paul McCartney's "Wanderlust" was included on the tribute album The Art of McCartney in November. Released in April 2015,
final sales price for the item, as this method suggests to the potential buyers the item's particular value. For instance, an auctioneer is about to sell a $1,000 car at a sale. Instead of asking $100, hoping to entice wide interest, the auctioneer may suggest an opening bid of $1,000; although the first bidder may begin bidding at a mere $100, the final bid may more likely approach $1,000. Absentee bids – this is when a prospective buyer places a
finalize the amendment's addition to the Constitution. The amendment was subsequently ratified by: New Jersey – May 7, 1992 (After rejection on November 20, 1789) Illinois – May 12, 1992 California – June 26, 1992 Rhode Island – June 10, 1993 (After rejection on June 7, 1790) Hawaii – April 29, 1994 Washington – April 6, 1995 Nebraska – April 1, 2016 Four states have not ratified the Twenty-seventh Amendment: Massachusetts, Mississippi, New York, and Pennsylvania. On May 19, 1992,
finance the European Recovery Program called Next Generation EU (NGEU). On 24 February 2022, after massing on the borders of Ukraine, the Russian Armed Forces undertook an attempt for a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The European Union imposed heavy sanctions on Russia and agreed on a pooled military aid package to Ukraine for lethal weapons funded via the European Peace Facility off-budget instrument. NGEU is a European Commission economic recovery package to support the EU member states to recover from
find their optimum contract even if they have the bulk of the points. This hand is nearly valueless unless spades are trumps but it contains good enough spades that the penalty for being set should not be higher than the value of an opponent game. The high card weakness makes it likely that the opponents have enough strength to make game themselves. Openings at the 2 level are either unusually strong (2NT, natural, and 2♣, artificial) or preemptive, depending on
finding out, Meiying's parents deem Dre a bad influence and forbid Meiying from seeing him. Dre finds Han drunk and depressed, smashing a Volkswagen Scirocco he was working on. He explains that he crashed it years ago, killing his wife and his 10-year-old son. To punish himself, he spends a year fixing the car, then destroys it again on every anniversary of the accident. Dre resolves to train harder and help his teacher overcome his trauma. Han helps Dre write
finish. In rubber bridge scoring, a 300-point bonus is given to a vulnerable side, and a 100-point bonus to a side with a part score – note this differs from the 50 points for a part score in duplicate bridge. Unguard To discard lower cards that help prevent a higher card from being captured by an opponent. Unlimited bid See wide-ranging bid. UPH Unpassed hand. Unplayable 1) (Of a contract) Unable to be played so as to bring about a
finished the season 13–2,the best record in the NFL, but lost in the Divisional Playoffs to the Minnesota Vikings 36–24, with Rice having three receptions for 28 yards. Before the 1988 season, Rice signed a five-year, $5.05 million contract in June that kept him with the 49ers through 1992. He was plagued by an ankle injury throughout the season, In Week 3, Rice had eight receptions for 163 yards in a loss to the Atlanta Falcons. In the following game,
fire, killing two girls, after killing his mother earlier that morning. October 2 – British scientists Moira Bruce and John Collinge, with their colleagues, independently show that the new variant form of the Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease is the same disease as Bovine spongiform encephalopathy. October 3 – The President of Paraguay, Juan Carlos Wasmosy, orders the arrest of political opponent Lino Oviedo. October 10 – Uruguay's worst air disaster occurs when Austral Líneas Aéreas Flight 2553 crashes near Nuevo Berlín, killing
firefighters were shot at while trying to put out a blaze set by looters. The mayor had requested the California Army National Guard from Governor Pete Wilson; the first of these units, the 670th Military Police Company, had traveled almost 300 miles (480 km) from its main armory and arrived in the afternoon to assist local police. In the Lake View Terrace district of Los Angeles, 200–400 protesters gathered about 9:15 p.m. at the site where Rodney King was beaten
first Chinese polity to establish a permanent navy which was supported by the developed shipbuilding industry along with the sea trade. Between the 10th and 11th century CE, the population of China doubled to around 100 million people, mostly because of the expansion of rice cultivation in central and southern China, and the production of abundant food surpluses. The Song dynasty also saw a revival of Confucianism, in response to the growth of Buddhism during the Tang, and a flourishing
first Computer Bridge Championship took place in 1997 at the North American Bridge Championships in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Strong bridge playing programs such as Jack Bridge (World Champion in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013 and 2015) and Wbridge5 (World Champion in 2005, 2007, 2008, 2016, 2017 and 2018), probably rank among the top few thousand human pairs worldwide. A series of articles published in 2005 and 2006 in the Dutch bridge magazine IMP describes matches between
first Grammy Award, winning in the category of Best Rock Instrumental Performance for "Mrs. O'Leary's Cow". The album also garnered a nomination for best engineering for Mark Linett who recorded and mixed the project. In 2011, the album's sequencing served as a blueprint for The Smile Sessions, a compilation dedicated to the original Beach Boys recordings, with Wilson and Linett among the co-producers. In 2020, BWPS was ranked number 399 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of
first North America tour in Chicago at the James M. Nederlander Theatre on 10 September 2024. Running until at least July 2026, the production condenses the original two-part play into one, lasting about two hours and 50 minutes. In fall 2024, a High School and Secondary School Edition of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was created, tailored for school theatre productions. This special adaptation premiered in the UK at the Riverside School, Barking; in Canada at St. Joseph's Catholic
first country to recognize Pakistan as an independent state, and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was the first head of any state to make an official state visit to Pakistan (in March 1950). Since 1947, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, had successfully advocated a policy of fostering cordial relations with the Muslim world and Iran in particular. After Pakistan gained its independence in August 1947, Iran was one of the first countries to recognize its sovereign status. In May
first film to gross US$1 billion at the box office, making it the highest-grossing film in history until Avatar broke the record in 2010. The Lost World: Jurassic Park grosses a record $90,161,880 on Memorial Day Weekend. Academy Awards Golden Globe Awards Palme d'Or (Cannes Film Festival): Taste of Cherry (طعم گيلاس, Ta'm-e gilass), directed by Abbas Kiarostami, Iran / France The Eel (うなぎ, Unagi), directed by Shohei Imamura, Japan Golden Lion (Venice Film Festival): Hana-bi (Fireworks), directed by Takeshi
first finesse is "backward": that is, leading away from the hand containing the tenace. Balance To keep the bidding open when it is about to be passed out at a low level. For example, if the bidding goes 1♥ – (P) – P – (1NT), the 1NT bid is a balancing action. The balancing bid is often made with a hand of substandard strength in order to prevent the opponents from securing a low-level contract. Balanced distribution Narrowly, a balanced
first officially recognized world championship was held in Budapest. In 1958, the World Bridge Federation (WBF) was founded to promote bridge worldwide, coordinate periodic revision to the Laws (each ten years, next in 2027) and conduct world championships. In tournaments, "bidding boxes" are frequently used, as noted above. These avoid the possibility of players at other tables hearing any spoken bids. The bidding cards are laid out in sequence as the auction progresses. Although it is not a formal rule,
first round of the 1985 NFL draft, Dallas had the No. 17 selection and San Francisco, as Super Bowl champion from the previous season, had the last. 49ers coach Bill Walsh sought Rice after seeing television highlights of his college performances. Walsh "saw the deep-threat the 49ers lacked ... a player who could break open a game with one play." The 49ers traded their first, second, and third-round picks for the New England Patriots' first and third-round picks. The 49ers
first trick is determined by the auction; the leader to each subsequent trick is the player who won the preceding trick. Each player, in clockwise order, plays one card on the trick. Players must play a card of the same suit as the original card led, unless they have none (said to be "void"), in which case they may play any card. The rank of the cards played determines which player wins the trick. Within each suit, the ace is
first-rate writer for children". Another early review, in The Herald, said: "I have yet to find a child who can put it down." Newspapers outside Scotland started to notice the book, with glowing reviews in The Guardian and The Sunday Times and in September 1997 Books for Keeps, a magazine that specialised in children's books, gave the novel four stars out of five. Sunday Times said: "comparisons to Dahl are, this time, justified", while The Guardian called it "a richly
five are listed in each category (except when there is a tie for the last place among the five, when all the tied record holders are noted). Team notation (300–3) indicates that a team scored 300 runs for three wickets and the innings was closed, either due to a successful run chase or if no playing time remained (300–3 d) indicates that a team scored 300 runs for three wickets, and declared its innings closed (300) indicates that a team
five hearts but also confirms four cards in spades: the bidder must hold at least five hearts to make it worth looking for a heart fit after 2♦ denied a four card major, and with at least five hearts, a Stayman bid must have been justified by having exactly four spades, the other major (since Stayman (as used by this partnership) is not useful with anything except a four card major suit). Thus an astute partner can read much more
flat hunting, I took the train back to London on my own and the idea for Harry Potter fell into my head... A scrawny, little, black-haired, bespectacled boy became more and more of a wizard to me... I began to write Philosopher's Stone that very evening. Although, the first couple of pages look nothing like the finished product." Then, Rowling's mother died and, to cope with her pain, Rowling transferred her own anguish to the orphan Harry. Rowling spent six
flight incident from December 1964, Marilyn arranged his first psychiatrist visit, where it was ruled that Wilson's condition was due to work-related fatigue. According to Wilson, he was introduced to recreational drugs by an acquaintance during a Beach Boys tour, and his hallucinations emerged early in 1965, about a week after his first time using psychedelics. Loren Schwartz, his supplier, said that Wilson's first dosage was 125 micrograms of "pure Owsley" and resulted in "full-on ego death". Wilson, in 1990,
flogging" ( < Germ schlag < Gmc) scion scruter scrutateur scrutation scrutatrice scrutement scruteur scrutin scrutin scrutiner sénau (Naut.) "a two-masted vessel" ( < Dut snaauw < Gmc) sénéchal "seneschal" sénéchaussée sénéchaussée "a seneschal's court" sens "sense, reason" sens "side of an object considered according to its orientation" siller (Naut.) "to trail ahead, make a wake" ( < ON sila < Gmc) sillon sillage sillée sillon "furrow" sillonner sillonner "to trace" sloop "sloop" ( < Eng < Gmc) snob sobriquet
focus entirely onto occasional feature-length specials. Each episode in the series is marketed with the prefix; The Grand Tour Presents... As with the fourth series, the fifth series continued the focus on feature length specials. The sixth series consists of a single feature length episode acting as the finale of the era starring Clarkson, Hammond and May. "One for the Road" was initially intended to be released as the fourth and final episode of the fifth series, but was released
folk instrument, better-made examples exist. While the instrument was thought to be the invention of children herding cattle, it is sometimes used in public performance, to accompany the Mahori music in public dancing. The instrument is used as part of the rhythm section in various styles of Indian folk and classical music. Most notably the Morsing in the Carnatic music of South India, or the Morchang in the folk music of Rajasthan. Indian morchangs are made in many metals but
followed GPS and GLONASS as the third completed global navigation satellite. Since the late 1990s, China's national road network has been significantly expanded through the creation of a network of national highways and expressways. In 2022, China's highways had reached a total length of 177,000 km (110,000 mi), making it the longest highway system in the world. In urban areas, bicycles remain a common mode of transport, despite the increasing prevalence of automobiles – as of 2023, there are approximately
following Thomas' death that April. Wilson died in his sleep at his Beverly Hills home on June 11, 2025, at the age of 82. Al Jardine, who had since reformed Wilson's concert band as his own, later reported that Wilson had been struggling with long-term effects of COVID-19 since his final tour in 2022: "That was the end of it. He never came back after that." His primary cause of death was declared as respiratory arrest amid sepsis, cystitis, and
football match between SC Bastia and Olympique de Marseille. May 7 STS-49: Space Shuttle Endeavour makes its maiden flight, as a replacement for Space Shuttle Challenger. In the Sydney River McDonald's murders in Nova Scotia, Canada, three McDonald's employees are killed and a fourth is left permanently disabled during a botched robbery. May 9 The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change is adopted in New York. The Westray Mine in Plymouth, Nova Scotia, Canada, explodes, killing all 26 miners
for 149 receiving yards and a touchdown in a 24–20 victory over the New Orleans Saints in Week 5. Starting in Week 7, Rice had a six-game stretch where he had three games with two receiving touchdowns and three games going over the 100-yard mark. By the end of the 1989 season, Rice had gained 82 receptions for 1,483 yards and 17 receiving touchdowns; both his yards and touchdown numbers led the league. For the fourth straight season, Rice was
for Double Even, Pass Odd. Conventional method for bidding over interference with Blackwood. Deschapelles coup On defense, the lead of an unsupported honor in order to create an entry to partner's hand. Deuce The lowest spot card, the 2. In signaling, it is the only unambiguous card. Develop To establish tricks in a suit, usually by forcing out the opponents' stoppers. Devil's coup In the endgame, the play of a side suit through a defender to create an over ruff
for Petty Little Odious Bid, another name for New Minor Forcing. The name is derived from a diatribe by The Bridge World editor Alphonse "Sonny" Moyse Jr in the magazine's Master Solver's Club feature, which called the convention an "odious, meaningless, petty little bid". Pocket One of four slots in a duplicate board that hold the cards between plays. PODI A proxi-acronym for Pass=0, Double=1. Method for countering interference over Blackwood. Pronounced "podey". Point 1) A scoring unit: e.g., a
for Rocky III (1982), "You're the Best" was rejected by Sylvester Stallone in favor of Survivor's hit song "Eye of the Tiger". Coincidentally, Survivor also performed the main theme ("The Moment of Truth" Music & Lyrics: Bill Conti, Dennis Lambert, Peter Beckett) for the movie. Bananarama's 1984 hit song "Cruel Summer" also made its US debut in The Karate Kid but was excluded from the film's soundtrack album. Other songs featured in the film but left off the album include
for a special election that did not include a primary. A voter and prospective candidate, John S. Trinsey Jr., argued that the lack of a primary violated the Seventeenth Amendment and his right to vote under the Fourteenth Amendment. The Third Circuit rejected these arguments, ruling that the Seventeenth Amendment does not require primaries. Another subject of analysis is whether statutes restricting the authority of governors to appoint temporary replacements are constitutional. Vikram Amar, writing in the Hastings Constitutional Law
for a suit with one four-card holding and three three-card holdings in the four hands. Also 22 or 2–2 for the opposing distribution of spades when one pair holds nine of them; or for one hand's distribution in the minors when it holds nine in the Majors. Fully specified. Conventionally neither 4333 nor 4–3–3–3 indicates which is the four-card suit in a hand while 4=3=3=3 means four spades, represented first, and three each in hearts, diamonds, and clubs. Thus 4=6=2=1
for agricultural products was negatively affected. By July 2020 however, the borders were re-opened for a limited amount of traffic to ensure the most necessary exchange of goods. On 19 December 2020, after a visit of Mohammad Javad Zarif in Pakistan, the Rimdan-Gabd border gateway was created to further bolster business and trade between the two neighboring countries. Turkey marked the launch of the Islamabad-Tehran-Istanbul Road Transport Corridor Project, with a welcoming ceremony in Istanbul for a convoy of Pakistani
for an immediate ceasefire. When Bangladesh applied for membership to the United Nations in 1972, China vetoed its application because two U.N. resolutions about the repatriation of Pakistani prisoners of war and civilians had not yet been implemented. China was also among the last countries to recognize independent Bangladesh, refusing to do so until 31 August 1975. Sri Lanka (then called Ceylon) saw the partition of Pakistan as an example for itself and feared India might use its enhanced power
for any implementing measures, and automatically override conflicting domestic provisions. Directives require member states to achieve a certain result while leaving them discretion as to how to achieve the result. The details of how they are to be implemented are left to member states. When the time limit for implementing directives passes, they may, under certain conditions, have direct effect in national law against member states. Decisions offer an alternative to the two above modes of legislation. They are legal
for cooperation in developing nuclear power. Both treaties came into force in 1958. Although the EEC and Euratom were created separately from the ECSC, they shared the same courts and the Common Assembly. The EEC was headed by Walter Hallstein (Hallstein Commission) and Euratom was headed by Louis Armand (Armand Commission) and then Étienne Hirsch (Hirsch Commission). The OEEC was in turn reformed in 1961 into the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and its membership was extended to
for example, to pass partner's takeout double is to convert it to a penalty double. In rubber bridge and Chicago, a part score is converted into game when a further score brings the total below the line to 100 or more points. Correct In the bidding, to choose (usually) partner's first bid suit; in that case, a correction is equivalent to a preference. COS Acronym or initialism for Choice of Slams. An artificial or natural bid made to ask partner
for example, usually flies the Union Flag, but flies the royal standard when the monarch is present for the State Opening of Parliament. When the monarch is not in residence at a palace in Scotland the royal banner of Scotland is flown; palaces in the rest of the UK fly the Union Flag. The royal arms feature on the tabard worn by officers of arms of the College of Arms and Court of the Lord Lyon. These garments are worn
for food, fur and traditional Chinese medicine. Endangered wildlife is protected by law, and as of 2019, the country has over 2,750 nature reserves, covering a total area of 1,470,000 km2 (570,000 sq mi), 15 percent of China's total land area. Most wild animals have been eliminated from the core agricultural regions of east and central China, but they have fared better in the mountainous south and west. The Baiji was confirmed extinct on 12 December 2006. China has over
for his role in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. June 10 – Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot orders the killing of his defense chief, Son Sen, and 11 of Sen's family members, before Pol Pot flees his northern stronghold. June 11 – In the United Kingdom, the House of Commons votes for a total ban on handguns. June 13 – A jury sentences Timothy McVeigh to death for his part in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. June 16 – About
for its complexity and the mental skills required for high-level competition. Bridge and chess are the only "mind sports" recognized by the International Olympic Committee, although they were not found eligible for the main Olympic program. In October 2017 the British High Court ruled against the English Bridge Union, finding that Bridge is not a sport under a definition of sport as involving physical activity, but did not rule on the "broad, somewhat philosophical question" as to whether bridge is
for its direct involvement and infiltration in East Pakistan. It disagreed with Pakistani President Yahya Khan's consideration of military options, and criticised East Pakistan Awami League politicians' ties with India. China reacted with great alarm when the prospects of Indian invasion of Pakistan and integration of Pakistan-administered Kashmir into their side of Kashmir, became imminent. US President Nixon encouraged China to mobilise its armed forces along its border with India to discourage the Indian assault, but the Chinese did not
for masts" mauvais "bad" ( < OFr malvais < *malvasi < Frk *balvasi "bad, malicious" < Gmc, cf OHG balvasi "bad, malicious", Goth balvavesei "spite, maliciousness", Icel bölv-, OE bealu, bealw- "bale, wicked, malicious". Influenced in form by Lat malus "bad, evil") mazette "bad horse; useless person" ( < Germ matz "awkward") mé- "mis-" mégarde "inadvertence" mégissier "leather-dresser" ( < OFr mégis < Gmc, cf Dut meuk "softening", ON mjūkr "soft") mégisserie mégir mégie méringue "meringue" ( < MDu meringue
for most receiving touchdowns in a season, with 22, in a twelve-game strike-shortened season. He won back-to-back championships in 1988 and 1989, and was the MVP of the former championship. Rice developed connections with quarterbacks Joe Montana and Steve Young that are viewed as among the best in NFL history, helping him lead the league in both receiving yards and touchdowns six times, and in receptions twice. Going into the 1990s, Rice won a third Super Bowl in 1994, and
for most receiving yards in a season, with 1,848 yards, coupled with 122 receptions and 15 touchdowns. He was selected to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. His single-season receiving yards record was not broken until Calvin Johnson broke it in 2012. With an 11–5 record and making the postseason, the 49ers lost in the Divisional Round to the Green Bay Packers, in which Rice had 11 receptions for 117 yards. During the offseason of 1996, Rice and Jackie
for one more), moving into first place in the NFL records for career touchdowns, with 127. On September 18 against the Rams, his 147 receiving yards from 11 catches moved him past Art Monk as the NFLs active leader in that category and past Charlie Joiner for third all-time. In Week 12, in another game against the Rams, he had 16 receptions for 165 receiving yards and three receiving touchdowns. For his game against the Rams, he won NFC Offensive
for other acts. Throughout 1964, Wilson toured internationally with the Beach Boys while writing and producing their albums Shut Down Volume 2 (March), All Summer Long (June), and The Beach Boys' Christmas Album (November). Following a particularly stressful Australasian tour in early 1964, the group dismissed Murry as their manager. Murry maintained occasional contact with Wilson, offering unsolicited advice on the group's business decisions. In February, Beatlemania swept the U.S., a development that deeply concerned Wilson, who felt the Beach
for responder's bid major or four cards in the unbid major. Sometimes called PLOB. New suit A suit that has not yet been bid. NMF New minor forcing. No bid An alternative to "pass". Used in the United Kingdom, where "pass" might be mis-heard as "hearts." Regarded as improper in the US. Nonadverse suit, or non-adverse suit A suit which has not yet been bid by either opponent. Nonforcing bid, or non-forcing bid A bid which partner may pass. See
for that name by an associated company, but Clarkson stated in October 2015 that this would not be the title. He explained in April 2016 that the word "Gear" could not be used for legal reasons. Initially, the show's format was to present individual television films, using location shooting without studio segments. They later came up with the idea of using a travelling tent to provide a mobile "studio", to go along with The Grand Tour name. They would be
for the assignment. On the other hand, Tikka Khan was steadfastly loyal to Bhutto. In 1972, he supported the militarisation of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission by supporting Munir Ahmad Khan to take over the commission's chairmanship and the directorship of the clandestine atomic bomb programme. He was implicated in the Hamoodur Rahman Commission's report on the 1971 war with India over East Pakistan, but much of the report remains classified. In 1974, Tikka Khan led the counterinsurgency military operation
for the breed was developed by the now-defunct Teddy Roosevelt Terrier Club of America in 1996. Currently, several registration organizations are active, all of which have their own standards, but the most commonly accepted are the United Kennel Club and the United Kennel Club International, although the UKCI still only recognizes them as a variation of the Rat Terrier. In 1999, both "Rat Terrier" and “Teddy Roosevelt Terrier" were accepted as a separate breeds by the United Kennel Club. Currently,
for the duration of the grant of a royal warrant. It is an offence under Section 12 of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 to give a false indication that any goods or services are supplied to the monarch or any member of the royal family. The UK Government generally uses a simplified, or "lesser", form of the arms that omits the helm and mantling, reduces the crest to the crown alone, and has no compartment. Use of the royal arms
for the duration of the grant of a royal warrant. It is an offence under Section 12 of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 to give a false indication that any goods or services are supplied to the monarch or any member of the royal family. The royal arms are incorporated into Imperial College London's coat of arms, which developed from institutions founded and patronised by Queen Victoria and Albert, Prince Consort. Several provincial and territorial courts in Canada make use
for the ordinary reader, the book offers enthralling, "entertaining and sometimes gossipy accounts of his meetings with China's most august leaders". Former chief critic for the New York Times Michiko Kakutani regarded Kissinger's On China as a measure to protect his image in the public eye, whilst underplaying the consequences of Chinese leadership on civilians. Kakutani establishes Kissinger's On China as a "sometimes perverse" book which attempts to address the role he played in connecting Nixon to China whilst provide
for their services, shall be postponed in their operation until after the election of representatives immediately succeeding the passing thereof; that excepted which shall first be passed on the subject." Virginia's ratifying convention recommended an identical amendment. New York's declaration of ratification was accompanied by a similar amendment proposal: "That the Compensation for the Senators and Representatives be ascertained by standing law; and that no alteration of the existing rate of Compensation shall operate for the Benefit of the Representatives,
for two years. The tipping point came in 1865 with the election of John P. Stockton (D-NJ), which happened after the New Jersey legislature changed its rules regarding the definition of a quorum and was thus by plurality instead of by absolute majority. In 1866, Congress acted to standardize a two-step process for Senate elections. In the first step, each chamber of the state legislature would meet separately to vote. The following day, the chambers would meet in "joint assembly"
for unionized employers. A union shop (US) or a "post-entry closed shop" (UK) employs non-union workers as well but sets a time limit within which new employees must join a union. An agency shop requires non-union workers to pay a fee to the union for its services in negotiating their contract. This is sometimes called the Rand formula. An open shop does not require union membership in employing or keeping workers. Where a union is active, workers who do not
for, and the defenders try to prevent that outcome. 2) (Verb) To contribute a card to a trick, either by displaying its face (as in duplicate bridge) or by placing it face up on the table (as in rubber bridge). Play for To assume that the opponents have a particular distribution or holding, and to plan and conduct the play on that basis. Playable 1) (Of a contract) A rational, if not necessarily optimal, choice of strain and level. 2)
force in the arrest and beating of Rodney King. The incident had been videotaped by George Holliday, who was a bystander to the incident, and was heavily reported on by various news and media outlets. The rioting took place in several areas in the Los Angeles metropolitan area as thousands of people rioted over six days following the verdict's announcement. Widespread looting, assault, and arson occurred during the riots, which local police forces had difficulty controlling. The situation in the
forced confessions, torture, restrictions of fundamental rights, and excessive use of the death penalty. Since its inception, Freedom House has ranked China as "not free" in its Freedom in the World survey, while Amnesty International has documented significant human rights abuses. The Chinese constitution nevertheless states that the "fundamental rights" of citizens include freedom of speech, freedom of the press, the right to a fair trial, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and property rights. However, in practice, these provisions do
forced into the lead to make a return favorable to declarer. The name suggests a crocodile opening its maw to swallow up partner's winning card. Cross To enter the opposite hand. Normally used of dummy or declarer's hand: "He crossed to dummy in diamonds." Crossruff A playing technique in trump contracts, where extra tricks are gained by ruffing in both hands alternately. Cross-IMP scoring A form of IMP scoring in pairs tournaments, where each pair's score is determined as an
forced out due to the war. Within hours of Yahya Khan stepping down, President Bhutto reversed the Judge Advocate General Branch's verdict against Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and instead released him, allowing him to fly to London. President Bhutto also issued orders for the house arrest of Yahya, the man who imprisoned Mujib in the first place. Both actions made news headlines around the world. He was nominally a Shia Muslim, but was non-practising and was known to have indulged in
foreign ministry and diplomatic corps for the European Union. Besides the emerging international policy of the European Union, the international influence of the EU is also felt through enlargement. The perceived benefits of becoming a member of the EU act as an incentive for both political and economic reform in states wishing to fulfil the EU's accession criteria, and are considered an important factor contributing to the reform of European formerly Communist countries. This influence on the internal affairs of
foreign ships docked in Karachi. The PAF did not attack the Indian Navy ships, and confusion remained the next day when the civilian pilots of Pakistan International, acting as reconnaissance war pilots, misidentified PNS Zulfiqar and the air force attacked its own warship, inflicting major damages and killing several officers on board. In the eastern theatre of the war, the Indian Eastern Naval Command, under Vice Admiral Nilakanta Krishnan, completely isolated East Pakistan by a naval blockade in the Bay
form of High card points, shortage or cover cards), which are in addition to the values that a player has promised so far in the bidding. F1 Forcing one round. See One round force. Face (Noun) The front of a card; the side that displays its suit and rank. (Verb) To turn a card so that its face is visible to other players. Face card A king, queen, or jack. Contrast Honor. Factoring The adjustment of matchpoint scores to correct
formed in 1897 after the conservative Anti-Socialist Laws of Chancellor Otto von Bismarck were repealed. In France, labour organisation was illegal until the 1884 Waldeck Rousseau laws. The Fédération des bourses du travail was founded in 1887 and merged with the Fédération nationale des syndicats (National Federation of Trade Unions) in 1895 to form the General Confederation of Labour. In a number of countries during the 20th century, including in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom, legislation was
former member and leader of the Non-Aligned Movement and still considers itself an advocate for developing countries. China is widely described as either a potential or established superpower, due to its influence in the fields of geopolitics, technology, manufacturing, economics and culture. Much of current Chinese foreign policy is officially based on Premier Zhou Enlai's Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence, as well as by the concept of "harmony without uniformity", which encourages diplomatic relations between states despite ideological differences. Per
forth in Section 3. Furthermore, Feerick noted that "no constitutional provision except the Twenty-Fifth Amendment would have allowed" him to designate the vice president as acting president. Reagan later wrote in a memoir that he had, in fact, invoked the Twenty-fifth Amendment. On June 29, 2002, President George W. Bush explicitly invoked Section 3 in temporarily transferring his powers to Vice President Dick Cheney before undergoing a colonoscopy, which began at 7:09 a.m. Bush woke about 40 minutes later, but
found on a laptop computer that he had taken in for repairs. November 22 – INXS lead singer Michael Hutchence is found dead in a Sydney, Australia hotel room, aged 37. November 25 – Will Smith releases his debut solo studio album Big Willie Style. November 26 – In a performance billed as the "highest" gig on Earth, Spiritualized play in the deck of the CN Tower in Toronto, Ontario, Canada for an audience of 150 people. November 27 –
founded and later constituent members of the European Movement. One month later, the French Union was installed by the new Fourth French Republic to direct the decolonisation of its colonies so that they would become parts of a European community. By 1947, a growing rift between the western Allied Powers and the Soviet Union became evident as a result of the rigged 1947 Polish legislative election, which constituted an open breach of the Yalta Agreement. March of that year saw
founded in 2020 by Milen Milkovski (Canada), Plamen Panayotov (Canada), John Norris ( Denmark) and Michael Woywode (Germany). SWAN Games was founded April 2000. In March 2004, announced a partnership to provide internet services to SBF members and is a competitor in subscription-based online bridge clubs. BridgeClubLive is a subscription based club which was founded in 1994 with the Bridge Player Live Software for Windows. Bridge Champ was launched in 2023. It includes both browser-based and mobile apps and supports
four accused Los Angeles Police Department officers came at 3:15 p.m. local time. By 3:45 p.m., a crowd of more than 300 people had appeared at the Los Angeles County Courthouse protesting the verdicts. Meanwhile, at approximately 4:15–4:20 p.m., a group of people approached the Pay-Less Liquor and Deli on Florence Avenue just west of Normandie in South Central. In an interview, a member of the group said that the group "just decided they weren't going to pay for what
four cards in another suit. MacGuffin A defensive card that, if retained, is a liability on one line of play, but that, if played, will be missed on another line of play. The term may be derived from the filmic plot device of the same name. Major penalty card A card that is exposed by a defender prematurely and through intentional play; or, an honor card that is exposed prematurely even if accidentally. A major penalty card remains face up
four methods. The optimum play of the cards can require much thought and experience and is the subject of whole books on bridge. The cards are dealt as shown in the bridge hand diagram; North is the dealer and starts the auction which proceeds as shown in the bidding table. As neither North nor East have sufficient strength to open the bidding, they each pass, denying such strength. South, next in turn, opens with the bid of 1♥, which denotes
four outs or more, with eight. In 2010 spring training, Wilson was asked whether or not he thought himself one of baseball's elite closers. In what would turn out to be a very prophetic quote, he replied: An elite closer is a closer who's part of a World Series win. If you get that final out in the final win of the season, then you can consider yourself elite. On March 25, Wilson agreed to two-year, $15 million contract extension
four receiving touchdowns. In Week 2, Moore recorded eight receptions for 120 receiving yards in a 17–31 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In Week 5 against the Falcons, Moore recorded four catches for 93 yards, including a 57-yard touchdown reception, during the 23–16 win. In Week 7, he had four receptions for 93 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 27–24 loss to the Saints. In Week 11 against the Lions, Moore recorded seven catches for 127 yards
four services: the Ground Force (PLAGF), the Navy (PLAN), the Air Force (PLAAF) and the Rocket Force (PLARF). It also has four independent arms: the Aerospace Force, the Cyberspace Force, the Information Support Force, and the Joint Logistics Support Force, the first three of which were split from the disbanded Strategic Support Force (PLASSF). Its 2 million active duty personnel is the largest in the world. The PLA holds the world's third-largest stockpile of nuclear weapons, and the world's second-largest
four touchdowns. He returned to LSU as a starter in 2022; Nabers was named MVP of the 2023 Citrus Bowl with nine catches for 163 yards and a touchdown pass thrown to quarterback Jayden Daniels. On September 16, 2023, he had 13 receptions for 239 yards and two touchdowns in a win over Mississippi State. For the 2023 season, he was named a unanimous All-American in after leading the FBS in receiving yards with 1,569. Nabers declared for the 2024
four-card suits. AQJ10 is a chunky suit; AQ96 is not chunky. Claim A statement by declarer about how the remaining unplayed tricks will be won or lost. Normally the claiming player exposes his hand and describes the sequence of play for the remaining tricks (but such plays as finesses, unless already proven, are disallowed). A claim is best made only when the play of the rest of the hand is obvious. Claims are often inadvisable: apart from the possibility of
freak and tries to pretend that she never existed. Vernon Dursley, the husband of Petunia Dursley, is a heavily built man whose irascible bluster covers a narrow mind and a fear of anything unusual. Dudley Dursley is an overweight, spoilt bully and Harry's cousin. Draco Malfoy is a slim, pale boy who speaks in a bored drawl. He is arrogant about his skill in Quidditch, and despises anyone who is not a pure-blood wizard and wizards who do not share
frequently accountable to their constituents, the senators could afford to "take a more detached view of issues coming before Congress". State legislatures retained the theoretical right to "instruct" their senators to vote for or against proposals, thus giving the states both direct and indirect representation in the federal government. The Senate was part of a formal bicameralism, with the members of the Senate and House responsible to completely distinct constituencies; this helped defeat the problem of the federal government being
friends are not inherently bad, but are taught to be merciless by their teacher, Master Li. Dre asks Han to teach him kung fu, and Han accompanies him to Li's Fighting Dragons studio to make peace. Li rebuffs the peace offer and challenges Dre to fight Cheng, but Han counters that Dre compete against all of Li's students at the upcoming open kung fu tournament, requesting that they leave Dre alone. Li accept Han's request, but threatens that if Dre
from India List of Tibetan dog breeds List of dog breeds originating from England List of dog breeds originating from Scotland Alderton, David (2000). Hounds of the World. Shrewsbury: Swan Hill Press. ISBN 1-85310-912-6. Fernández Rodríguez, Miguel; Gómez Fernández, Mariano; Delgado Bermejo, Juan Vicente; Adán Belmonte, Silvia; Jiménez Cabras, Miguel, eds. (2009). Guía de campo de las razas autóctonas españolas [Field guide to native Spanish breeds] (PDF) (in Spanish). Madrid: Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Medio Rural y Marino. ISBN
from Ron. In his anger, Harry tells Albus that he wishes he were not his son, and Albus spills the potion on the blanket. Harry obtains a prototype of a more powerful version of the Time-Turner, which allows one to travel into the past and change history. Simultaneously, Harry's scar starts hurting again, raising concerns that Voldemort may be returning. Amos Diggory, who is cared for by his niece Delphi, asks Harry to use the Time-Turner to prevent the death
from Will Smith. In the mainland China version of the film, scenes of bullying were shortened by the censors, and a kissing scene is removed. John Horn of the Los Angeles Times said that the editing ultimately resulted in "two slightly different movies". A mobile game based on the film was released for iOS devices by Sony Pictures on April 2, 2010. The Karate Kid was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 5, 2010, by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment,
from a planned economy towards a market-based economy, spurring an economic boom. A movement for political liberalization stalled after the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre. Since 1949, China has been a unitary communist state with the CCP as its sole ruling party. It is one of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council and a member of numerous multilateral and regional organizations. Making up around one-fifth of the world's economy, China is the second-wealthiest country in the
from coal (largest producer in the world), 13.5% from hydroelectric power (largest), 9.8% from wind (largest), 8.3% from solar energy (largest), 4.4% from nuclear energy (second-largest), 3% from natural gas (fifth-largest), and 2.1% from bioenergy (largest); in total, 38% of China's energy came from clean energy sources. Despite its emphasis on renewables, China remains deeply connected to global oil markets and next to India, has been the largest importer of Russian crude oil in 2022. China is the second-largest country
from each member state's government and meets in different compositions depending on the policy area being addressed. Notwithstanding its different configurations, it is considered to be one single body. In addition to the legislative functions, members of the council also have executive responsibilities, such as the development of a Common Foreign and Security Policy and the coordination of broad economic policies within the union. The Presidency of the council rotates between member states, with each holding it for six months.
from even, low from odd An opening lead convention that calls for the lead of the third-best card from a suit with an even number of cards, and the lowest card from a suit with an odd number of cards. Third hand The player who makes the third call, or who is the third to play to a trick. Third hand high A precept that advises the third hand to play a high card on partner's lead. See also Second
from existing recordings, while others were newly added; he recalled instances where he proposed ideas not present on the original recordings with Wilson's approval. Some song titles were changed; "Do You Like Worms?" was renamed "Roll Plymouth Rock", an alteration Wilson attributed to a desire for "something a little more appropriate". When presented with "Mrs. O'Leary's Cow", he hummed the melody from the Smiley Smile track "Fall Breaks and Back to Winter", which was then incorporated into the composition. Wilson,
from his father and quickly learned to play, prompting Jardine to switch to rhythm guitar. When Candix Records faced financial difficulties and sold the Beach Boys' master recordings to another label, Murry ended their contract. As "Surfin'" faded from the charts, Wilson collaborated with local musician Gary Usher to produce demo recordings for new tracks, including "409" and "Surfin' Safari". Capitol Records were persuaded to release the demos as a single, achieving a double-sided national hit. In 1962, Wilson and
from it appears in season three, in response to the question about its status within Cobra Kai. In addition, throughout Cobra Kai's run, there was speculation that Hilary Swank might reprise the role of Julie Pierce from The Next Karate Kid (1994). According to Heald, they had a storyline involving Julie related to Mr. Miyagi and the mystery of a stolen necklace, "but before we got too deep, we had to reach out to Hilary and find out would she
from people wanting to auction their virginity, but Migliorini announced soon after that the winner did not match Sisely's description, and that Sisely had tried to defraud her. The reality series is yet to be aired. A second auction Migliorini tried to conduct by herself in late 2013 was also unsuccessful. In early 2014 she was proposing a reality show in Brazil where 20 men would compete for $1 million, and her virginity. In November 2012, 18-year-old Rebecca Bernardo of
from rock and roll, doo-wop, and vocal jazz. At age two, he heard Glenn Miller's 1943 rendition of Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue, an experience that left a lasting emotional impact—later saying, "It sort of became a general life theme". As a child, his favorite artists included Roy Rogers, Carl Perkins, Bill Haley, Elvis Presley, Henry Mancini, and Rosemary Clooney. He recalled Haley's "Rock Around the Clock" (1954) as the first music he felt compelled to learn and sing. His education
from several newspapers and individuals. On China is the 13th book written by Henry Alfred Kissinger (1923–2023), completed by him in 2011 at the age of 88, 34 years after he retired his position in the American political system. Kissinger was a German-born American political scientist who was the first person to serve as both National Security Adviser and Secretary of State. He was awarded a PhD at Harvard in 1954, and swiftly transitioned in to the American political system
from the United States. This international dimension is reflected in the EU's Sixth Environmental Action Programme, which recognises that its objectives can only be achieved if key international agreements are actively supported and properly implemented both at EU level and worldwide. The Lisbon Treaty further strengthened the leadership ambitions. EU law has played a significant role in improving habitat and species protection in Europe, as well as contributing to improvements in air and water quality and waste management. Mitigating climate
from the concert stage resulting from neck surgery. April 14 – Creed releases their debut studio album My Own Prison. April 15 – Hanson releases "MMMBop", one of the most successful debut singles of all time, reaching number one in 27 countries. April 25–27 – The first Terrastock festival is held in Providence, Rhode Island, USA. May 3 5ive's musical career begins after auditions are held in London, UK to find potential band members, with over 3,000 hopefuls showing up
from these various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a keen sense of awareness and prey drive, an acute sense of smell, and a very high intellect. Although they tend to be aloof with strangers, they are devoted companion dogs with a strong desire to please and be near their owners at all times. The current UKC standard calls for a Teddy Roosevelt Terrier to be at least 8 and no more than 12 inches in height, with
from which players can choose; many books have been written detailing bidding conventions. Well-known conventions include Stayman (to ask the opening 1NT bidder to show any four-card major suit), Jacoby transfers (a request by (usually) the weak hand for the partner to bid a particular suit first, and therefore to become the declarer), and the Blackwood convention (to ask for information on the number of aces and kings held, used in slam bidding situations). The term preempt refers to a
front matter of the two hymnbooks. The Denson book is forthrightly Biblical in its defense of tradition: The Cooper book also shows a warm appreciation of tradition: May God bless everyone as we endeavor to promote and enjoy Sacred Harp music and to continue the rich tradition of those who have gone before us. To say that both communities are traditionalist does not mean they discourage the creation of new songs. To the contrary, it is part of the tradition
fueling public outrage. Unlike in 1992, participants who protested Floyd's murder were more racially diverse and there was little if any racially motivated violence. In a 2025 New York Times article, author Joe Domanick contrasted the 1992 Los Angeles riots with the anti-immigration protests, noting the former's widespread violence and systemic collapse after the Rodney King verdict. The 2025 demonstrations and protests, largely Latino-led, have been more focused and less destructive. Domanick highlighted the unique position of Latino officers—many with
full photographs. The final bid was $801,000, but Raine had a change of heart and cancelled the auction on 8 May 2014, the day after its conclusion. Mizuage Pretty Baby (1978 film)
function effectively while getting orders directly from the army's GHQ. This idea failed miserably in the 1965 war, and the need to have intermediate corps headquarters in between the GHQ and the fighting combat divisions was recognized as a foremost operational necessity after the 1965 war. In the 1965 war, the Pakistan Army had only one corps headquarters (the 1 Corps). Soon after the war had started, the United States had imposed an embargo on military aid to both India
function is to prevent the opponents from running a suit in a notrump contract. See also Control. Strain See denomination. Strip 1) To remove safe cards of exit from an opponent's hand. 2) To prepare for a ruff-and-sluff by removing all cards of a suit (or suits) in a partnership's hands. Strip squeeze A squeeze without the count in which one threat is against a safe exit card. Striped-tail ape double A double of a laydown contract made in hope
funding for any research on human cloning. March 7 – In Sri Lanka, the Tamil Tigers overrun a military base and kill over 100 Sri Lankan troops. March 9 – American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. is murdered in Los Angeles. March 13 India's Missionaries of Charity chooses Sister Nirmala, to succeed Mother Teresa as its leader. The National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China creates a new Chongqing Municipality, out of part of Sichuan. March 16 – Sandline
gain of 12 points as shown in the table below. A revised table was adopted for the 1948 European Championships in Copenhagen with a maximum of 15 points. North American players were first introduced to this scoring method at the 1951 Bermuda Bowl match in Naples, Italy. Further revisions were made in 1961 and again in 1962 by the World Bridge Federation. Contract bridge probabilities How to Keep Score - from the official ACBL website. ACBL Live (tournament results)
gained gives a total of 37. To determine the average IMPs gained, divide the total by the number of competitors (37 divided by 4) to arrive at 9.25 as the averaged cross-IMP score. In some events (for example, Swiss Teams), a further normalization to reduce the effect of large swings is applied to the International Match Point scores. A specific number of Victory Points, either 20 or 30, are divided between the two teams in accordance with the following scales:
gained its independence in August 1947, Iran was one of the first countries to recognize its sovereign status. In May 1950, a treaty of friendship was signed by Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan and Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. Some of the clauses of the treaty of friendship had wider geopolitical significance. Pakistan found a natural partner in Iran after the Indian government chose to support Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser, who was seeking to export a pan-Arab ideology that threatened many
gallantry award of their respective countries. Following is a list of the recipients of the Indian award Param Vir Chakra, Bangladeshi award Bir Sreshtho and the Pakistani award Nishan-E-Haider: Recipients of the Param Vir Chakra: Recipients of the Bir Sreshtho: Captain Mohiuddin Jahangir (Posthumously) Lance Naik Munshi Abdur Rouf (Posthumously) Sepoy Hamidur Rahman (Posthumously) Sepoy Mostafa Kamal (Posthumously) ERA Mohammad Ruhul Amin (Posthumously) Flight Lieutenant Matiur Rahman (Posthumously) Lance Naik Nur Mohammad Sheikh (Posthumously) Recipients of the Nishan-E-Haider: On 25
game contracts such as this one. Similarly, there is a minuscule chance that the ♣K is in the west hand, but the west hand has no other clubs. In that case, declarer can succeed by simply cashing the ♣A, felling the ♣K and setting up the ♣Q as a winner. The chance of this is far lower than the chance that East started with the ♣K. Therefore, the superior percentage play is to take the club finesse, as described above.
game in person. Kickback An ace-asking or keycard-asking convention initiated by the first step above four of the apparent trump suit rather than uniformly by 4NT. Thus Kickback saves space when the trump suit is not spades. See Useful Space Principle and Blackwood: Asking bids other than 4NT. Kiss of death At pairs, plus or minus 200. A score of minus 200, down two undoubled and vulnerable, or down one doubled and vulnerable, is a likely bottom against a part
game of 4♥ with good club support and overall values. North complies, as North is at the higher end of the range for his 2♥ bid, and has a fourth trump (the 2♥ bid promised only three), and the doubleton queen of clubs to fit with partner's strength there. (North could instead have bid 3♥, indicating not enough strength for game, asking South to pass and so play 3♥.) In the auction, north–south are trying to investigate whether their cards
game themselves. Openings at the 2 level are either unusually strong (2NT, natural, and 2♣, artificial) or preemptive, depending on the system. Unusually strong bids communicate an especially high number of points (normally 20 or more) or a high trick-taking potential (normally 8 or more). Also 2♦ as the strongest (by HCP and by DP+HCP) has become more common, perhaps especially at websites that offer duplicate bridge. Here the 2♣ opening is used for either hands with a good 6-card
game try. In some usage the "help suit game try" is barely distinguishable from the long, in some barely distinguishable from the weak. Loser A card which apparently cannot take a trick. Loser on loser A card play tactic that attempts to create an advantage by playing two losers, often of different suits, on the same trick. Loser-on-loser play has many applications, including the creation of a ruffing position for declarer, the avoidance of overruffs by the defense, and interference
game, asking South to pass and so play 3♥.) In the auction, north–south are trying to investigate whether their cards are sufficient to make a game (nine tricks at notrump, ten tricks in hearts or spades, 11 tricks in clubs or diamonds), which yields bonus points if bid and made. East-West are competing in spades, hoping to play a contract in spades at a low level. 4♥ is the final contract, 10 tricks being required for N-S to make with
game. Bidding space The number of steps available in an auction, or the number of steps consumed by a bid. The sequence 1♣ – 1♦ consumes only one step, whereas 1♦ – 2♣ consumes four steps. Because alternative bids are skipped, it often happens that the more steps a bid takes up, the more specific meaning it carries. See Useful Space Principle. Bidding system The complete set of agreements and understandings assigned to calls and sequences of calls used by
game. For example, after 1♠ – (2♥) – 2♠ – (3♥) there is no room below 3♠ for a game invitation (and a bid of 3♠ itself would be taken as merely competitive), so a double is used as a game invitation. McKenney See Suit preference signal. Menace A card that requires an opponent to retain a higher card in the same suit, as a guard. The term is typically used of squeeze play. Merrimac coup The deliberate sacrifice of
games and is a derivative of whist, which had become the dominant such game and enjoyed a loyal following for centuries. The idea of a trick-taking, 52-card game has its first documented origins in Italy and France. The French physician and author Rabelais (1493–1553) mentions a game called "La Triomphe" in one of his works, and Juan Luis Vives's Linguae latinae exercitio (Exercise in the Latin language) of 1539 features a dialogue on card games in which the characters play
games, 14 of them in the 1997 season and the other three in the strike-shortened season of 1987; his 303 games are the most by an NFL wide receiver by a wide margin. In addition to staying on the field, his work ethic showed in his dedication to conditioning and running precise routes, with coach Dennis Green calling him "the best route runner I've ever seen". One of the best-known examples of his dedication and ethic was "The Hill," a
games, recording 25 receptions for 357 yards and three touchdowns. As a sophomore, he started all 13 games and had 41 receptions for 637 yards and six touchdowns. As a junior, he started all 12 games and set a school record with 80 receptions for 1,033 yards and eight touchdowns. After his junior season, Moore was named to the first-team All-Big Ten Conference, and was the Big Ten Receiver of the Year. Following his junior season, Moore made the decision
gave the flag a symbolic description in the following terms, although the official symbolic description adopted by the EU omits the reference to the "Western world". Against the blue sky of the Western world, the stars symbolise the peoples of Europe in a form of a circle, the sign of union. The number of stars is invariably twelve, the figure twelve being the symbol of perfection and entirety. United in Diversity was adopted as the motto of the union in
generally attributed to the material comforts and security available to large segments of the Chinese populace as well as the government's attentiveness and responsiveness. According to the World Values Survey (2022), 91% of Chinese respondents have significant confidence in their government. A Harvard University survey published in July 2020 found that citizen satisfaction with the government had increased since 2003, also rating China's government as more effective and capable than ever in the survey's history. A 2020 study by University
genetic similarity. Dogs portal List of dog breeds Bichon Rare breed (dog) Havanese CTCA Breed Standards
genocide committed in 1971 by the Pakistan Army and their local collaborators, Razakars, Al-Badr and Al-Shams during the Bangladesh Liberation War. Steve Coll, in his book Ghost Wars, argues that the Pakistan military's experience with India, including Pervez Musharraf's experience in 1971, influenced the Pakistani government to support jihadist groups in Afghanistan even after the Soviets left, because the jihadists were a tool to use against India, including bogging down the Indian Army in Kashmir. Writing about the war in
get on their team in their first year. Ron Weasley is Harry's age, and Rowling describes him as the ultimate best friend "always there when you need him". He is freckled, red-haired, and quite tall. He grew up in a fairly large pure-blood family as the sixth born of seven children. Although his family is quite poor, they still live comfortably and happily. His loyalty and bravery in the face of a game of Wizard Chess plays a vital part
girls' live performance hogs the headlines the next day. February 26 – The 39th Annual Grammy Awards are presented in New York, hosted by Ellen DeGeneres. Babyface wins the most awards with four, while Celine Dion's Falling into You wins Album of the Year and Eric Clapton's "Change the World" wins both Record of the Year and Song of the Year. LeAnn Rimes wins Best New Artist. February 28 – Death Row Records co-founder Suge Knight is sentenced to nine
go ahead and fight, but we're not going to pay for it". Pakistan now turned to China for military aid, and the Chinese tank T-59 started replacing the US M-47/48 tanks as the Pakistan Army's MBT (Main Battle Tank) from 1966. 80 tanks, the first batch of T-59s, a low-grade version of the Russian T-54/55 series were delivered to Pakistan in 1965–66. The first batch was displayed in the Joint Services Day Parade on 23 March 1966. The 1965 War
go to the person who either overvalues it the most or effectively employs bid shading. Auction cancellation hunters bid minimal amounts on multiple auctions and expect them to be cancelled. If an auction is cancelled by the seller, they will claim for damages in the amount of the difference between the maximum bid at the time of the auction cancellation and the price of a replacement purchase of the offered item in the auction, when the market is in equilibrium,
goal is to improve monetary and financial cooperation between the Eurosystem and member states outside the eurozone. The European Court of Auditors (ECA) is the auditory branch of the European Union. It was established in 1975 in Luxembourg in order to improve EU financial management. It has 27 members (1 from each EU member-state) supported by approximately 800 civil servants. The European Personnel Selection Office (EPSO) is the EU's civil service recruitment body and operates its selection of candidates via
golden age, developing one of the strongest navies in the world and a rich and prosperous economy amid a flourishing of art and culture. It was during this period that admiral Zheng He led the Ming treasure voyages throughout the Indian Ocean, reaching as far as East Africa. In the early Ming dynasty, China's capital was moved from Nanjing to Beijing. With the budding of capitalism, philosophers such as Wang Yangming critiqued and expanded Neo-Confucianism with concepts of individualism and
government after the general elections in 1970, Yahya Khan began coordinating with his military strategists concerning ongoing dissent in East Pakistan. Both Yahya Khan and Bhutto flew to Dhaka and tried negotiations one more time in mid-March 1971, but they ultimately yielded no results. On 25 March 1971, Yahya initiated Operation Searchlight, a crackdown by the Pakistan Armed Forces to suppress Bangali rebellion and the Bengali nationalist movement. It was seen as the sequel to Operation Blitz, which had been
government chose to support Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser, who was seeking to export a pan-Arab ideology that threatened many of the more traditional Arab monarchies, a number of which were allied with the Shah of Iran. Harsh V. Pant, a foreign policy writer, noted that Iran was a natural ally and model for Pakistan for other reasons as well. Both countries granted each other MFN status for trade purposes; the Shah offered Iranian oil and gas to Pakistan on
government firmly believed that Iran had blatantly favoured Pakistan and sought to undermine India during the war. After the suspension of American military aid to Pakistan, Iran was reported to have purchased ninety F-86 Sabrejet fighter planes from West Germany, and subsequently delivered them to Pakistan. Although Pakistan's decision to join the Central Treaty Organization (CENTO) in 1955 was largely motivated by its security imperatives regarding India, Pakistan did not sign on until Iran was satisfied that the British government
government in 1990, and he was succeeded by Mian Muhammad Azhar. He retired from politics in 1990. He died on 28 March 2002 and was buried with full military honours in Westridge cemetery in Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan. Tikka Khan was born on 10 February 1915 into a Punjabi family of the Janjua Rajput clan in the Jochha Mamdot village of Kahuta Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, British India (now Punjab, Pakistan). After his education in Rawalpindi, he joined the Army Cadet
government in the early 1990s, which treated the married heterosexual couple as the "preferred norm", at a time when the author was a single mother. Harry's relationships with adult and juvenile wizards spring from affection and loyalty. This is evident from his pleasure in being an occasional temporary member of the Weasley family, and in his treatment of first Rubeus Hagrid and later Remus Lupin and Sirius Black as father-figures. The second book, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets,
governor Mike Huckabee endorsed the repeal of the Seventeenth Amendment. He claimed that senators chosen by state legislatures "will work for their states and respect [the Tenth Amendment]", and also that direct election of senators is a major cause of the "swamp". In September 2020, Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska endorsed the repeal of the Seventeenth Amendment in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece. Media related to Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution at Wikimedia Commons
governor to make temporary appointments, which last until a special election is held to fill the vacancy. Currently, all but four states (Kentucky, North Dakota, Rhode Island, and Wisconsin) permit such appointments. The Constitution does not set out how the temporary appointee is to be selected. Oklahoma, admitted to statehood in 1907, chose a senator by legislative election three times: twice in 1907, when admitted, and once in 1908. In 1912, Oklahoma reelected Robert Owen by advisory popular vote. Oregon
governor while the CCP committee of a city and its secretary outranks the municipal people's government the mayor. The National People's Congress (NPC), with nearly 3,000-members, as the supreme organ of state power holds the unified powers of the state, creating a system where all state organs including the presidency, the State Council, the State Central Military Commission, the Supreme People's Court, the Supreme People's Procuratorate, and the National Supervisory Commission are subject to its oversight through democratic centralism. However,
gradually became more engaged. That same period, Wilson told Leaf that he could not proceed with the Smile concerts without Leaf's continuous presence. Leaf, who had recently completed a film about the Bee Gees, proposed that his daily involvement would only be possible if they were making a documentary film, a condition Wilson accepted. The project was not initially approached as a completion of the original Smile album, but rather as an effort to compile previously released material into a
great number of new compositions by Billings and those who followed in his path. The work of these composers, sometimes called the "First New England School", forms a major part of the Sacred Harp to this day. Billings and his followers worked as singing masters, who led singing schools. The purpose of these schools was to train young people in the correct singing of sacred music. This pedagogical movement flourished, and led ultimately to the invention of shape notes, which
greater share in the assembly would redress their wounded ethnic regional pride and ensure the integrity of Pakistan. Instead of satisfying the Bengalis, it intensified their vocalness for separatism, causing a further rise in anti-West Wing sentiment in the East Wing. By 28 July 1969, President Yahya Khan had set a framework for elections that were to be held in December 1970, with Judge Abdus Sattar appointed as Chief Election Commissioner of the Election Commission of Pakistan. On 7 December,
greatest record he had ever heard. Within days, record producer Lou Adler personally introduced the two producers, and they subsequently developed a rapport. Frequently attending Spector's recording sessions at Gold Star Studios, Wilson consulted him directly on his methods. Gold Star staff engineer Larry Levine stated that Spector "loved what Brian was doing" and considered him "one of the great producers", although other accounts suggest Spector was dismissive of Wilson's abilities on some occasions. Following Spector's example, he had taken
grew up in La Jolla, California, Dylan claimed she planned to use the money to finance graduate school and said "I feel empowered because I am being pro-choice with my body." She retained the right to reject the winner of the auction and pick another bidder, claiming that several bids had exceeded $1 million. The highest claimed bid was approximately $3.8 million. Dennis Hof of the brothel was to receive half of the winning bid. A news report in May
group consisting of sisters Marilyn Rovell and Diane Rovell and their cousin Ginger Blake, whom he met at a Beach Boys concert the previous August. Wilson pitched the group to Capitol as "the Honeys", a female counterpart to the Beach Boys. The company released several Honeys records as singles, though they sold poorly. He grew close to the Rovell family and resided primarily at their home through 1963 and 1964. The group's fourth single "He's a Doll", released in April
group of men including Henry Watson, who proceeded to kick and beat him, before striking him unconscious with a fire extinguisher taken from his own vehicle. He lay unconscious for more than a minute as his truck was looted, before getting up and staggering back to his vehicle. With the help of an unknown African American, Tarvin drove his truck out of further harm's way. Just before he did so, another truck, driven by Reginald Denny, entered the intersection. United
group of more than 100 people to raid the store and loot it. Concurrently, the growing number of rioters in the street began attacking civilians who appeared not Black, throwing debris at their cars, pulling them from their vehicles when they stopped, smashing window shops, or assaulting them while they walked on the sidewalks. As Goldman continued to film the scene on the ground with his camcorder, the Los Angeles News Service team of Marika Gerrard and Zoey Tur arrived
groups, concepts of civility, culture heroes, many of whom feature in Chinese mythology and history. Amongst the most popular cults of folk religion are those of the Yellow Emperor, embodiment of the God of Heaven and one of the two divine patriarchs of the Chinese people, of Mazu (goddess of the seas), Guandi (god of war and business), Caishen (god of prosperity and richness), Pangu and many others. In the early decades of the 21st century, the Chinese government has
groups, who comprise the Zhonghua minzu. The largest of these nationalities are the Han Chinese, who constitute more than 91% of the total population. The Han Chinese – the world's largest single ethnic group – outnumber other ethnic groups in every place excluding Tibet, Xinjiang, Linxia, and autonomous prefectures like Xishuangbanna. Ethnic minorities account for less than 10% of the population of China, according to the 2020 census. Compared with the 2010 population census, the Han population increased by 60,378,693
guarded by a giant three-headed dog named Fluffy. Harry later joins Hagrid in an investigation of an attack on a unicorn in the adjacent forest and encounters a figure drinking a dead unicorn's blood. He is rescued by a centaur, who explains that unicorn's blood can maintain the life of someone close to death, and Harry realizes that the figure is his parents' killer, Lord Voldemort. Hermione's research reveals that Nicolas Flamel's creation, the Philosopher's Stone, can produce an elixir
guest appearances. In season five, Okumoto had a recurring role as Chozen. In addition, Sean Kanan and Robyn Lively reprised their respective roles as Mike Barnes and Jessica Andrews from Part III. Alicia Hannah-Kim also joined the cast as Kim Da-eun while Young was upgraded to a series regular. In season six, Kanan returned as Barnes, Griffith returned as Silver, William Christopher Ford reprised his role as Dennis de Guzman from Part III, and Darryl Vidal reprised his role from
had a positive response from critics. At the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, it holds an 91% approval rating with an average score of 7.4 out of 10, based on 32 reviews. Its critical consensus reads: "While Cobra Kai's subversive kick no longer carries the same gleeful impact of its inaugural season, its second round is still among the best around – no amount of mid-life crisis and teenage ennui's ever gonna keep it down." Metacritic's weighted average assigned the
had asked the Indian Chief of Army Staff Gen Sam Manekshaw if he was ready to go to war with Pakistan. According to Manekshaw's own personal account, he refused, citing the onset of monsoon season in East Pakistan and also the fact that the army tanks were being refitted. He offered his resignation, which Gandhi declined. He then said he could guarantee victory if she would allow him to prepare for the conflict on his terms, and set a date
had become quite distinct from contemporary tastes. The natural path to take—and the one ultimately taken—would be to assert the archaic character of Sacred Harp as an outright virtue. In this view, Sacred Harp should be treasured as a time-tested musical tradition, standing above current trends of fashion. The difficulty with adopting traditionalism as a guiding doctrine was that different singers had different opinions about just what form the stable, traditionalized version of Sacred Harp would take. The first move
had become the subject of rumors describing him as "increasingly withdrawn", "brooding", and "hermitic" [sic], with occasional sightings of him "in the back of some limousine, cruising around Hollywood, bleary and unshaven, huddled way tight into himself". Once discharged later in the year, Wilson rarely finished any tracks for the band, leaving much of his subsequent output for Carl to complete. He typically stayed secluded upstairs while the group recorded below, joining sessions only to suggest revisions to music he
had been armed with a Glock 17 pistol, a Beretta, and a shotgun, and they planned to barricade themselves in their store to fight off looters. About 2,300 Korean-owned stores in southern California were looted or burned, making up 45 percent of all damages caused by the riot. According to the Asian and Pacific American Counseling and Prevention Center, 730 Koreans were treated for post-traumatic stress disorder, which included insomnia and a sense of helplessness and muscle pain. In reaction,
had been negotiating a rapprochement and which he intended to visit in February 1972. Nixon feared that an Indian invasion of West Pakistan would mean total Soviet domination of the region, and that it would seriously undermine the global position of the United States and the regional position of United States new tacit ally, China. To demonstrate to China the bona fides of the United States as an ally, and in direct violation of the US Congress-imposed sanctions on Pakistan,
had been preoccupied with snorting cocaine, reading magazines such as Playboy and Penthouse, and "hanging out with Danny Hutton", whose Laurel Canyon house had become the center of Wilson's social life. Although increasingly reclusive during the day, Wilson spent many nights at Hutton's house fraternizing with colleagues such as Alice Cooper and Iggy Pop. Other visitors of Hutton's home included Harry Nilsson, John Lennon, Ringo Starr, and Keith Moon. On several occasions, Marilyn Wilson sent her friends to climb Hutton's
had collected since the early 1980s, as well as an archive of literature belonging to Leaf, which included photocopies of handwritten lyric sheets that were originally given to illustrator Frank Holmes in 1966. Using Pro Tools session files loaded onto his Apple G3 iBook, Sahanaja subsequently joined Wilson at his home to review the recordings and determine their original intended structure. Sahanaja undertook the task of transcribing and deconstructing the music, presenting his reconstructions to Wilson for feedback and revision.
had described Prince Philip as "nice but nervous", with no real bond between them. The implication that the Queen visited Ghana to compete with Kennedy's popularity was ridiculed by critics. Reviews noted that that episode ignored more significant events, such as President Kennedy's sister-in-law Lee and her husband Prince Stanisław Albrecht Radziwiłł's initial exclusion from the banquet invitation list due to their divorcee status; they were eventually invited, although Princess Margaret and Princess Marina did not attend, despite the Kennedys
had distinct uniforms and intended to compete for the first time as representatives of their own country. Once in Athens, the Irishmen became aware that the British committee had decided that they would instead compete under the British flag. Peter O'Connor won the silver medal for the long jump. As he was about to receive his medal he rushed towards the flag pole, climbed the pole, and flew the Erin Go Bragh flag, as the Tricolour had not yet received
had five receptions for 133 yards and two touchdowns. In Super Bowl XXIII, Rice had an 11 reception, 215-yard performance with a touchdown, helping the 49ers to a narrow 20–16 win over the Cincinnati Bengals. Both his receptions and receiving yards were Super Bowl records. For his performance, Rice was named the Super Bowl MVP; he called the win "stupendous". He became the third wide receiver to earn Super Bowl MVP honors. Even though Rice won the MVP, Montana uttered
had his second career 200-yard receiving game against the Washington Redskins, having a 12 reception, 204-yard performance in Week 11. For his game against Washington, he won NFC Offensive Player of the Week. He won NFC Offensive Player of the Month for November. Overall, he caught 86 passes for 1,570 yards and 15 touchdowns, both of which led the league, the first of four seasons in which Rice led the NFL in both receiving yards and touchdown receptions. He was
had overtaken Phil Spector's standing as a leading figure in the Los Angeles music scene; according to Hal Blaine, "Whereas Brian wanted [the Wrecking Crew] because of the Spector dates, everybody else now wanted us because of the Beach Boys dates." Wilson was also a pioneer of "project" recording, where an artist records in his own space rather than at an established studio. Many of his peers considered him to be one of the most significant artists in popular music,
had ten receptions for 169 receiving yards and a receiving touchdown. Overall, he recorded 82 catches for 1,157 yards and nine touchdowns, becoming the oldest receiver to record a 1,000-yard season, at age 36, and returned to the Pro Bowl team. San Francisco made the postseason with a 12–4 record. They faced the Packers once again the Wild Card Round. Although Rice only had one catch for six yards in the game, the 49ers defeated the Packers 30–27. San Francisco
hair tied in a tight bun, teaches Transfiguration and is able to transform herself into a cat. She is Deputy Headmistress and Head of Gryffindor House. Petunia Dursley, the sister of Harry's mother Lily, is a thin woman with a long neck that she uses for spying on the neighbours. As a Muggle, she regards her magical sister as a freak and tries to pretend that she never existed. Vernon Dursley, the husband of Petunia Dursley, is a heavily built
hand high A precept that advises the third hand to play a high card on partner's lead. See also Second hand low. Third Way A term for a bidding system combining 5-card majors and a weak no-trump, such as the Kaplan–Sheinwold system. Threat In squeeze play, a menace. Three suiter A hand with length in three suits, thus shortness in the fourth. Distributions such as 4–4–4–1, 5–4–4–0 and 5–4–3–1 are often termed "three-suiters." Throw To discard. Throw-in See Endplay. Tight
hand of a certain point range, but also almost always denies possession of a five-card major suit (otherwise the player would have bid it) or even a four card major suit (in that case, the player should use the Stayman convention). Likewise, in some partnerships the bid of 2♥ in the sequence 1NT–2♣–2♦–2♥ between partners (opponents passing throughout) explicitly shows five hearts but also confirms four cards in spades: the bidder must hold at least five hearts to make it
hand of substandard strength in order to prevent the opponents from securing a low-level contract. Balanced distribution Narrowly, a balanced distribution of a hand is 4–3–3–3, 4–4–3–2 or 5–3–3–2. Equivalently, there are no voids, no singletons, and at most one doubleton. Balanced is sometimes used in a broad sense that includes semi-balanced. Broadly, balanced distribution permits no void, singleton, or 7-card suit. Balanced hand A hand with balanced distribution in the narrow or wide sense just above. On the first
hand that is so easy it plays itself. "Pianola" is a trademarked brand of player piano (a piano that plays automatically). Pick up 1) (Verb) To run a suit without losing a trick in it. 2) (Adjective) Said of a partner who completes a pair, or of a pair that completes a team, just prior to the start of an event. Pick-up slip A type of score slip on which the result of a deal is recorded for the purpose
hand weak in high cards with, probably, 5–5 in the minor suits. Unusual over unusual (OUO), or Unusual vs. unusual A conventional method of conveying information after the opponents have deployed the unusual notrump convention or a Michaels Cue Bid, also called Unusual vs. Unusual. UOU Acronym or initialism for Unusual over unusual Up the line To bid the lower of two adjacent suits before the higher. For example, of two four card majors, the heart suit is normally bid
hand, usually by repeatedly leading the suit. Drop (Verb) To fall under a higher card: "The ♠Q dropped under the ♠K." (Noun) That occurrence itself: "He played for the drop instead of finessing." Duck A play technique in which a player does not immediately play a card that might take a trick, but plays a small card instead. Dummy The partner of the declarer. Dummy's cards are placed face up on the table and played by the declarer. Dummy has
hand. A 2♦ bid is game forcing. Also called XYZ Checkback. Yarborough Originally, a hand with no card higher than a nine. The British Earl of Yarborough, during the 19th century, would offer a wager of £1,000 to £1 against picking up such a hand at whist. (The actual odds against such a hand are approximately 1,827 to 1.) In common usage, it may refer to a very weak hand. z see Zoom. Zar points An evaluation method to determine
hand: two cards, four cards, and so on. Event A duplicate bridge contest. Exclusion bid A bid, such as 2♦ in the Roman Club system, that shows length in all suits except the one named. Exclusion Blackwood An agreement that responder to a Blackwood bid will show the number of aces held outside a particular suit. Exit card A card that is used to put a different hand on lead, normally to avoid making a self-destructive lead in another suit.
hands alternately. Cross-IMP scoring A form of IMP scoring in pairs tournaments, where each pair's score is determined as an (averaged) sum of differences to all other scores (rather than to a single datum score). Also known as X-Imps or Calcutta. Cuebid, cue bid, or cue-bid A bid of the opponents' suit in a competitive auction. Usually a conventional, forcing bid that shows strength or an unusual hand, or a particular distribution. A bid that shows a control in a
hands that especially favor a particular suit, opened at a high level in order to define the hand's value quickly and to frustrate the opposition. For example, a hand of ♠ KQJ9872 ♥ 7 ♦ 42 ♣ 763 would be a candidate for an opening bid of 3♠, designed to make it difficult for the opposing team to bid and find their optimum contract even if they have the bulk of the points. This hand is nearly valueless unless spades
happier, much more uplifting." Parks believed that a hypothetical 1967 version of Smile would not have significantly diverged from their 2004 arrangement, and when asked by Sahanaja if an idea was part of the original concept, would only respond with, "It was inevitable." Sahanaja recounted two exceptions in which Wilson clearly recalled ideas that he had originally conceived for the album: one was the verse melody of "Do You Like Worms?"; the other was the pairing of "Wonderful" and "Look".
harder for unions to maintain standards across countries. The last reason is governmental policies. These come from both sides of the political spectrum. In the UK and US, it has been mostly right-wing proposals that make it harder for unions to form or that limit their power. On the other side, there are many social policies such as minimum wage, paid vacation, parental leave, etc., that decrease the need to be in a union. The prevalence of labour unions can
harm its political standing in Sindh but greatly effected on the morale of Pakistan. On the other hand, although smaller in quantity, the Indian territory captured by Pakistan in Punjab had significantly greater economic value. After the ceasefire on 17 December, both sides attempted to take back lost territory. On 17 December, India's 51 Para brigade launched a successful but costly attack on a sand dune occupied by an intruding Pakistani platoon, which cost the Indian unit 21 killed and
harmonised by the EU. The European Union Association Agreement does something similar for a much larger range of countries, partly as a so-called soft approach ('a carrot instead of a stick') to influence the politics in those countries. The European Union represents all its members at the World Trade Organization (WTO), and acts on behalf of member states in any disputes. When the EU negotiates trade related agreement outside the WTO framework, the subsequent agreement must be approved by each
harp now in Trinity College Dublin. The design is by an English sculptor, Percy Metcalfe. Metcalfe's design was in response to a competition held by the state to design Irish coinage, which was to start circulation in December 1928. Metcalfe's design became the model for future official interpretations of the harp as an emblem of the state. The modern design is markedly different from earlier depictions. During the 17th century, it became common to depict the harp with a woman's
harp, in the Kiranti musical tradition from Malingo. It is popular in the Eastern Himalayan region of Nepal, Sikkim, Darjeeling, and Bhutan. It is a wind instrument played by blowing the air without tuning the node with fingers. The binayo is six inches long and one inch in width. The temir komuz is made of iron, usually with a length of 100–200 mm and with a width of approximately 2–7 mm. The range of the instrument varies with the size
harps have appeared in Western churches since the fourteenth century. The Austrian composer Johann Albrechtsberger—chiefly known today as a teacher of Beethoven—wrote seven concerti for Jew's harp, mandora, and orchestra between 1769 and 1771. Four of them have survived, in the keys of F major, E-flat major, E major, and D major. They are based on the special use of the Jew's harp in Austrian folk music. In the experimental period at the end of the 18th and beginning of
has a confrontation with Draco Malfoy. At Hogwarts, a magical Sorting Hat assigns each first-year student to a House. Harry, Ron, and Hermione are assigned to Gryffindor, although the Hat considers putting Harry in Slytherin. Harry's skill at broomstick flying earns him a place on the Gryffindor Quidditch team as the Seeker. He develops a dislike for the Potions professor Severus Snape, who seems to hate Harry. One night, Harry and Ron discover a gigantic three-headed dog guarding a trapdoor.
has been argued to be strategically equivalent to the Dutch auction. However, empirical evidence from laboratory experiments has shown that Dutch auctions with high clock speeds yield lower prices than FPSB auctions. What are effectively sealed first-price auctions are commonly called tendering for procurement by companies and organisations, particularly for government contracts and auctions for mining leases. Vickrey auction, also known as a sealed-bid second-price auction. This is identical to the sealed first-price auction except that the winning bidder pays
has been referenced and featured in entertainment media, and has become an increasingly global celebration of Mexican culture, cuisine, and heritage. Cinco de Mayo has its roots in the second French intervention in Mexico, which took place in the aftermath of the 1846–48 Mexican–American War and the 1858–61 Reform War. The Reform War was a civil war that pitted Liberals (who believed in separation of church and state and freedom of religion) against Conservatives (who favored a tight bond between
has bid and which, often, has been doubled. Responder Opening bidder's partner. Response A bid by responder immediately following an opening bid and RHO's call. Responsive double A double that follows LHO's opening bid, partner's takeout double and RHO's raise of opener's suit, to show moderate values and no clear opinion as to the best strain. Result merchant (Slang) One who evaluates bids and plays according to their outcome, rather than to their intrinsic merit. Also, "Result player" and "Second
has consistently been ranked amongst the lowest as an "authoritarian regime" by the Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index, ranking at 145th out of 167 countries in 2024. Other sources suggest that terming China as "authoritarian" does not sufficiently account for the multiple consultation mechanisms that exist in the Chinese governmental system. The CCP is the founding and sole ruling party of the PRC. According to the CCP constitution, the Party's highest body is the National Congress held every five years.
has made significant investments in scientific research and is quickly catching up with the U.S. in R&D spending. China officially spent around 2.7% of its GDP on R&D in 2024, totaling to around $496 billion. China was ranked 10th in the Global Innovation Index in 2025, a considerable improvement from its rank of 35th in 2013. Chinese supercomputers are ranked among the fastest in the world. China is the world's largest industrial robotics producer and user in the world, accounting
has many variations that compare and rank the relative performance of partnerships and teams playing the same deals as their competitors. The following terms and concepts, defined in the glossary of contract bridge terms, are essential to understanding bridge scoring: The method of accumulation of contract points toward a "game" varies, too. However, a "game" is always triggered when 100 contract points are reached, a "partial game" or "part-score" refers to 10 to 90 contract points, and once either side
has mostly avoided media contact. Around 7:40 p.m., almost an hour after Denny was rescued, another beating was filmed on videotape in that location. Fidel Lopez, a self-employed construction worker and Guatemalan, was pulled from his GMC pickup truck and robbed of $2,000 (equivalent to $4,600 in 2025). Rioters, including Damian Williams, smashed his forehead open with a car stereo and one tried to slice his ear off. After Lopez lost consciousness, the crowd spray-painted his chest, torso, and genitals
has no diplomatic relations with the United States; the Iranian interests section in the United States is represented by the Embassy of Pakistan Embassy in Washington. Iranian nuclear scientist, Shahram Amiri, thought to have been abducted by CIA from Saudi Arabia, took sanctuary in the Pakistan Embassy in Washington, D.C. The Iranian government claimed the United States has trumped-up charges they were involved with the 9/11 attacks. In April 2001, the Secretary of the Supreme National Security Council Hassan Rowhani
has not yet been bid by either opponent. Nonforcing bid, or non-forcing bid A bid which partner may pass. See also Forcing bid, Invitation, Sign-off. Nonvulnerable, or non-vulnerable Not vulnerable. None vulnerable In rubber bridge, the state of the score in which neither pair has made a game. In duplicate bridge, the vulnerability condition under which neither pair is designated as vulnerable for the board in play. Also, "neither side vulnerable." Norman four notrump A slam-seeking convention North–South One of
has numerous polycentric urbanised regions like Rhine-Ruhr (Cologne, Dortmund, Düsseldorf et al.), Randstad (Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague, Utrecht et al.), Frankfurt Rhine-Main (Frankfurt, Wiesbaden, Mainz et al.), the Flemish Diamond (Antwerp, Brussels, Leuven, Ghent et al.) and Upper Silesian-Moravian area (Katowice, Ostrava et al.). The EU has 24 official languages: Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Irish, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish, and Swedish. Important documents, such as legislation,
has reportedly lost a lucrative market in Iran, where at least 30,000 tons of mango were exported previously, as a result of the trade embargo imposed by the United States on Tehran. According to the statistics by Pakistan, the fruit industry and the exporters could not export around $10 million worth of mango during the current season. The Ministry of Commerce (MoCom) has been in direct contact with the US Department of Agriculture to resolve the issue through diplomatic channels.
has since been largely contained. The COVID-19 pandemic was first identified in Wuhan in December 2019; pandemic led the government to enforce strict public health measures intended to completely eradicate the virus, a goal that was abandoned in December 2022 following protests. Since ancient times, Chinese culture has been heavily influenced by Confucianism. Chinese culture, in turn, has heavily influenced East Asia and Southeast Asia. For much of the country's dynastic era, opportunities for social advancement could be provided by
has stepped up cooperation with Iran to promote peace and stability in Afghanistan. Iran has also expressed an interest in joining the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor as part of the larger Belt and Road Initiative, but misaligned interests have hampered the process, with the 2024 Iran–Pakistan conflict, the issue of handling ties with India, and trade disputes (as both nations are suffering immense economic crises) affected greatly their relations. On the other hand, Pakistan is one of the few countries where
has the world's largest market for automobiles, having surpassed the United States in both auto sales and production. The country is the world's largest exporter of cars by number as of 2024. The Chinese automotive industry is regarded as one of the most competitive and innovative in the world. China is the world's leader in electric vehicle consumption, production and innovation, as well as the leading producer of batteries for electric vehicles.China is the second-largest retail market after the United
has the world's second-largest gas reserves, after Russia, but has been trying to develop its oil and gas resources for years, due to sanctions by the West. However, the project could not take off due to different political reasons, including the new gas discoveries in Miano, Sawan and Zamzama gas fields of Pakistan. The Indian concerns on pipeline security and Iranian indecisiveness on different issues, especially prices. The Iran-Pakistan-India (denoted as IPI Pipeline) project was planned in 1995 and after
have a strong position in collective bargaining where they cooperate with blue-colar unions in setting the "mark" (the industry norm) in negotiations with the employers' association in manufacturing industry. A union may acquire the status of a "juristic person" (an artificial legal entity), with a mandate to negotiate with employers for the workers it represents. In such cases, unions have certain legal rights, most importantly the right to engage in collective bargaining with the employer (or employers) over wages, working
have a strong tradition of finding collective solutions in labour relations. Ireland and the UK belong to this category, and in contrast to the EU core countries above, these countries first joined the EU in 1973. In the Nordic System of labour market regulation, the government's legislative role is limited in the same way as in the Anglo-Saxon system. However, in contrast to the countries in the Anglo-Saxon system category, this is a much more widespread network of collective agreements,
have achieved by resorting to mindless acts. We must not push back progress by striking back blindly. Assistant Los Angeles police chief Bob Vernon later said he believed Bradley's remarks incited a riot and were perhaps taken as a signal by some citizens. Vernon said that the number of police incidents rose in the hour after the mayor's press conference. At Florence and Halldale, two officers issued a plea for assistance in apprehending a young suspect who had thrown an
have been established. Goren system, or Goren A bidding system dominant in the United States from the 1940s through the 1960s, based on the Culbertson system. The principal difference between the two systems was in hand evaluation: Culbertson used honor tricks to assess a hand's strength whereas Goren used high card points and distribution points. Goulash A style of dealing, usually in rubber and Chicago games, where the cards are not thoroughly shuffled between deals and are dealt in groups.
have been observed annually since 1862. The day gained nationwide popularity beyond those of Mexican-American heritage in the 1980s due to advertising campaigns by beer, wine, and tequila companies; today, Cinco de Mayo generates beer sales on par with the Super Bowl. In Mexico, the commemoration of the battle continues to be mostly ceremonial, such as through military parades or battle reenactments. The city of Puebla marks the event with various festivals and reenactments of the battle. Cinco de Mayo
have been, on average, approximately 10% lower in the first ten years after joining the EU". Greece was the exception reported by the study, which analysed up to 2008, "to avoid confounding effects from the global financial crisis". A 2021 study in the Journal of Political Economy found that the 2004 enlargement had aggregate beneficial economic effects on all groups in both the old and new member states. The largest winners were the new member states, in particular unskilled labour
have in one's hand a particular card or set of cards. (Of a card) To win a trick although a higher card is outstanding. Hold up (Verb) To defer taking a winning card until an advantageous point in the hand, usually in reference to tricks that the opponents have led to. There are various purposes for holding up a winner, but it is frequently done to force the opponents to use their entries too soon. (Noun) The act of holding
have increased strategic convergence between the two countries, With the alienation of Pakistan and the United States, China has become the most important strategic partner of both Iran and Pakistan. Iran has also expressed an interest in joining the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor as part of the larger Belt and Road Initiative. Diplomatic relations between the two countries have recently improved under the policies of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Imran Khan, who sought to expand Pakistan's relationship with Iran, and
have organic personality disorder. His mental condition improved in later years, although his auditory hallucinations persisted, especially when performing onstage. He credited his relationship with his second wife for allowing him to resume his career as a musician. In his own words, he said that he should have spent the early 2000s "in a mental institution under heavy sedation" due to the stresses of his condition; however, "Things have started to get a little bit easier, but I'm not always
haven in the rural South, which remained a fertile territory for the creation of new shapenote publications. Sacred Harp singing came into being with the 1844 publication of Benjamin Franklin White and Elisha J. King's The Sacred Harp. The editors of The Sacred Harp in the 19th century were Georgians; the book itself was typeset and printed in Philadelphia. It was this book, now distributed in several different versions, that came to be the shape-note tradition with the largest number
he became the first pop musician credited for writing, arranging, producing, and performing his own material. He also produced acts such as the Honeys and American Spring. By the mid-1960s he had written or co-written more than two dozen U.S. Top 40 hits, including the number-ones "Surf City" (1963), "I Get Around" (1964), "Help Me, Rhonda" (1965), and "Good Vibrations" (1966). He is considered the first rock producer to apply the studio as an instrument and one of the first
he began growing during the 2010 pennant race. Wilson's entrance at home games accompanied by the song "Jump Around" was popular with fans. Wilson pitched collegiately at Louisiana State University. His college career ended during his junior season, when he injured his elbow and underwent Tommy John surgery. The San Francisco Giants selected him in the 2003 draft. He reached the major leagues in 2006 and had become the Giants' regular closer by the end of 2007. In 2010, he
he can. In the book, Rowling introduces an eclectic cast of characters. The first character to be introduced is Vernon Dursley, Harry's uncle. Most of the actions centre on the eponymous hero, Harry Potter, an orphan who escapes his miserable childhood with the Dursley family. Rowling imagined him as a "scrawny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who didn't know he was a wizard" and says she transferred part of her pain about losing her mother to him. During the book, Harry makes
he died in August 1963. Keating was defeated in the 1964 election, but Senator Roman Hruska of Nebraska took up Keating's cause as a new member of the Subcommittee on Constitutional Amendments. By the 1960s, medical advances had made it increasingly plausible that an injured or ill president might live a long time while incapacitated. The assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963 underscored the need for a clear procedure for determining presidential disability, particularly since the new president, Lyndon
he feels the Stone drop into his pocket. Quirrell then reveals that Voldemort has possessed his body, and shows Harry Voldemort's face on the back of his head. Quirrell attempts to seize the Stone, but his flesh burns upon contact with Harry. As Harry and Quirrell struggle, Harry's scar begins to burn, and he passes out. Harry awakens in the school's infirmary. Dumbledore explains that Harry survived because he is protected by a magical charm that was created when his
he had a 2–3 record, a 5.40 ERA, 23 strikeouts, and 21 walks in 30 innings pitched. In 24 games with Fresno, he had a 1–3 record, a 2.89 ERA, 30 strikeouts, and 14 walks in 28 innings pitched. Wilson competed for the closer role with Armando Benítez in 2007 spring training. After he struggled and posted a 7.71 ERA, the Giants optioned him to the minors to start the season. After building a 1–2 record, 2.10 ERA, 37 strikeouts,
he had a 6–4 record, a 3.11 ERA, 54 strikeouts, and 31 walks in 55 innings pitched. He converted 36 of his 41 save opportunities, which tied Juan Carlos Oviedo for eighth in the NL. Wilson's 2012 season would be short-lived. With the Giants leading the Colorado Rockies 4–1 entering the bottom of the ninth inning on April 12, he made his second appearance of the season to get the save for the Giants. He walked in a run to
he injured his elbow and underwent Tommy John surgery. He also played for the Keene Swamp Bats of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a summer league for collegiate prospects. Despite facing extensive rehabilitation, Wilson chose to enter the 2003 Major League Baseball draft. Coming off his surgery, Wilson was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 24th round in 2003. He began his career with the Hagerstown Suns of the Class-A South Atlantic League in 2004. In 23
he thought it would be received, it made him hold back. ... but he didn't stop. He couldn't stop. He needed to create more." Wilson met Derek Taylor, the Beatles' former press officer, who became the Beach Boys' publicist in 1966. At Wilson's request, Taylor launched a media campaign to elevate his public image, promoting him as a "genius". Taylor's reputation and outreach bolstered the critical success of Pet Sounds in the UK. However, Wilson later expressed resentment toward the
he was a soldier he was known for being morally upright, abstaining from partying unlike other officers and instead preferring to spend time with his family and also practicing Islamic rituals such as the fast of Ramadan, He eventually quoted Ayub Khan, who said that "Give me half a dozen officers of the calibre and moral standards of Yahya Khan and I can show you what can Pakistan do as a great nation of the Islamic world." During his rule
he was promoted to Brigadier, then the youngest Brigadier of Pakistan. And then he was appointed as commander of the 105th Independent Brigade that was deployed in LoC ceasefire region in Jammu and Kashmir in 1951–1952. Later Yahya Khan, as Vice Chief of General Staff, was selected to head of the army's planning board set up by General Ayub Khan to modernize the Pakistan Army in 1954–57. Yahya also performed the duties of Chief of General Staff from 1957 to
head off. [...] You just come to grips with what you are, what you can do [and] can't do, and learn to face it." During the experience, he composed portions of the Beach Boys' single "California Girls". He later described the session for the song's backing track, held on April 6, as his "favorite", and the opening orchestral section as "the greatest piece of music that I've ever written". However, he attributed persistent paranoia later that year to his LSD
headlines around the world. He was nominally a Shia Muslim, but was non-practising and was known to have indulged in activities prohibited in Islam such as womanizing and the consumption of alcoholic beverages. Indian journalist Dewan Berindranath argued that Yahya turned to alcohol and womanizing when he gained power, as a coping mechanism to deal with stress, and that when he was a soldier he was known for being morally upright, abstaining from partying unlike other officers and instead preferring
heads of state, signed twelve cooperation agreements across various fields, including science, technology, transportation, economy, tourism, and agriculture, to strengthen bilateral relations. Iran's chief diplomatic mission to Pakistan is the Iranian Embassy in Islamabad. The embassy is further supported by many Consulates located throughout in Pakistan. The Iranian government supports Consulates in several major Pakistan's cities including: Karachi‡, Lahore‡, Quetta‡, Peshawar‡. Iranian government maintains a cultural consulate-general, Persian Research Center, and Sada-o-Sima center, all in Islamabad. Other political offices includes
hear either case, and so has never ruled on this amendment's effect on COLAs. The No Budget, No Pay Act was proposed in 2012 and again in 2013 to prevent lawmakers from being paid during a government shutdown. The bill received limited bipartisan support, but concerns were raised that it violated the twenty-seventh amendment saying that Congress may not "vary" the compensation of its members until the next election. The bill did not pass and the Supreme Court has not
heart condition, and reports also suggest that his mental health was affected as well. Additionally, a stroke which left him half paralysed and his obesity had worsened his health, making him increasingly frail and incapable of resuming a normal life. Some sources suggest that by the time he was released, he was unable to care for himself fully. Yahya remained under house arrest until 1977, when he was released from custody by martial law administrator General Fazle Haq due to
hearts and four spades; the opening bidder may correct to spades if that appears to be the better contract. The situations detailed here are extremely simple examples; many instances of advanced bidding involve specific agreements related to very specific situations and subtle inferences regarding entire sequences of calls. Terence Reese, a prolific author of bridge books, points out that there are only four ways of taking a trick by force, two of which are very easy: establishing long suits (the
hearts instead) to show 11–15 HCP with 5 hearts and 4 spades. Flat Flat hand: A hand that lacks distributional features such as a singleton, a void, or a very long suit. Often, 4–3–3–3 distribution. Flat board: A deal in duplicate bridge that results in scores across the field that are identical, or nearly so. Float To be followed by two or three passes. For example, West's spade bid "floated around" to South in 1♠ – (P) – P. To
heavy Pakistani casualties and an Indian victory. The following day, 4 Canadair Sabre of the PAF attempted to attack Indian positions in the region and were confronted by 4 IAF Folland Gnats. This aerial battle resulted in 2 PAF Sabre's being shot down, one damaged and 2 pilots captured. On 22 November, 8 Grenadiers under the command of Lt Col Shamsher Singh advanced on the mountain position of Hilli. For this objective, the town of Morapara was attacked. In the
her. The NOTW subsequently reported in March 2004 that Rosie had sold her virginity for £8,400 to a 44-year-old BT engineer and divorced father of two children, and that she and her partner were upset by the experience. A BT employee located by the British press denied any involvement in the matter. In May 2004, it was reported that a film company owned by Madonna was working on a movie about Rosie's story, though nothing further about the project was
hero of the film. Next in June 2010, Ralph Macchio appeared in Funny or Die's online short, "Wax On, F*ck Off", in which his loved ones stage an intervention to turn the former child star from a well-adjusted family man into an addict besieged with tabloid scandal in order to help his career (with frequent references to The Karate Kid). A recurring joke in the sketch is that Macchio is confused for an adolescent. The short was lauded by TV
heterogeneous status comprising four provinces, as defined at the time of establishment of Pakistan in 1947. In addition, there were religious and racial tensions between Bengalis and the multi-ethnic West Pakistanis, as Bengalis looked different from the dominant West Pakistanis. The East Pakistan's Awami League leader Sheikh Mujibur Rahman stressed his political position by presenting his Six Points and endorsing the Bengalis' right to govern themselves. The 1970 Pakistani general election, resulted in Awami League gaining 167 out of 169
high card strength, forcing declarer to play high or low before third hand plays. The corollary is that a defender is advised to lead up to weakness in the fourth hand. Leap To make a jump bid. Leaping Michaels A conventional overcall in 4♣ or 4♦ made in defense to opposing 2-level or 3-level preemptive openings. Leaping Michaels shows a strong two-suited hand (5–5 or longer) that is less suitable for a takeout double and is game forcing. Described as
high card while capturing only small cards, commonly said of a defensive play. In the example at right, when South leads the ♥8, West must take the ♥A on air, or risk making no heart tricks. Nevertheless, best defense on a given hand may call either for ducking the winner or for playing it on air. Alcatraz coup Declarer's intentional and unethical attempt to locate a finessable card by revoking. If the play is unintentional, it is nevertheless subject to
high school football, he led the state of Louisiana with 58 receptions for 1,223 yards and 21 touchdowns. Nabers originally committed to Mississippi State University to play college football before switching to Louisiana State University (LSU). As a true freshman at LSU in 2021, Nabers played in 11 games with six starts and had 28 receptions for 417 yards and four touchdowns. He returned to LSU as a starter in 2022; Nabers was named MVP of the 2023 Citrus Bowl
higher forms of art than dancing or drama. Chinese culture has long emphasized a sense of deep history and a largely inward-looking national perspective. Examinations and a culture of merit remain greatly valued in China today. Today, the Chinese government has accepted numerous elements of traditional Chinese culture as being integral to Chinese society. With the rise of Chinese nationalism and the end of the Cultural Revolution, various forms of traditional Chinese art, literature, music, film, fashion and architecture have
highest bid laid on the table wins after a burning candle goes out. Scottish auction is an auction where all bidding should be completed within a certain time interval, which allows bidders an appropriate amount of time for consideration and avoids precipitate actions. Dutch auction also known as an open descending price auction. In the traditional Dutch auction the auctioneer begins with a high asking price for some quantity of like items; the price is lowered until a participant is
highlife musician, 47 June 26 – Israel Kamakawiwoʻole, Hawaiian musician, 38 July 5 – Mrs. Elva Miller, American singer, 89 August 1 – Sviatoslav Richter, pianist, 82 August 2 – Fela Kuti, Nigerian musician and composer, 58 (Kaposi's sarcoma) August 5 – Don Steele, American disc jockey, 61 August 10 – Conlon Nancarrow, composer, 84 August 12 – Luther Allison, blues guitarist, 57 August 16 – Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, qawwali singer and world music ambassador, 48 September 5
him as "acting president". Although Tyler felt his vice-presidential oath obviated any need for the presidential oath, he was persuaded that being formally sworn in would resolve any doubts. Accordingly, he took the oath and title of "President", without any qualifiers, moved into the White House, and assumed full presidential powers. Tyler was sometimes derided as "His Accidency", but both houses of Congress adopted a resolution confirming that he was president. The Tyler Precedent of succession was thus established, and
him that the commission would commence its proceedings on 17 January and requesting his statement by 24 January. During his detention in Banni, Yahya was under strict surveillance. The rest-house was secured by military personnel, and his communications with the outside world were heavily restricted to prevent any interference with the confidential commission's investigation. After approximately four months in Banni, on 20 April 1972, Yahya was transferred to his personal residence at 61 Harley Street in central Rawalpindi. His house
him to give lavish affection, care and even pet names (such as Norbert the dragon) on even the most dangerous of magical creatures. Hagrid is fiercely loyal to Dumbledore and quickly becomes a close friend of Harry, Ron and, later, Hermione, but his carelessness makes him unreliable. Professor Albus Dumbledore, a tall, thin man who wears half-moon spectacles and has silver hair and a beard that tucks into his belt, is the headmaster of Hogwarts, and thought to be the
him to. He scored a touchdown, but he cracked his left patella as he came down with the catch. He missed the Pro Bowl team for the first time in 11 years due to the injury. San Francisco still made the postseason with a 13–3 record, beating the Minnesota Vikings in the Divisional Round 38–22, but lost for the third straight time against the Green Bay Packers 23–10 in the NFC Championship. Rice made a full recovery, coming back in
himself a Beach Boy, Wilson responded, "No. Maybe a little bit." Debate persisted among fans over whether Wilson fully consented to his semi-regular touring schedule through the 2010s. From March to July 1999, Wilson embarked on his first solo tour, playing about a dozen dates in the U.S. and Japan. His supporting band included former Beach Boys touring musician Jeff Foskett (guitar), Wondermints members Darian Sahanaja (keyboards), Nick Walusko (guitar), Mike D'Amico (percussion, drums), and Probyn Gregory (guitar, horns); along
himself and features references to The Karate Kid, including cameo appearances by Zabka's former Karate Kid co-stars. Macchio and Zabka made a guest appearance as themselves in the How I Met Your Mother episode "The Bro Mitzvah". In the episode, Macchio is invited to Barney Stinson's bachelor party, leading to Barney shouting that he hates Macchio and that Johnny was the real hero of The Karate Kid. Towards the end of the episode, a clown in the party wipes off
himself, as Daniel is carried off by an enthusiastic crowd while Miyagi looks on proudly. Ralph Macchio as Daniel LaRusso Pat Morita as Mr. Miyagi Elisabeth Shue as Ali Mills Martin Kove as John Kreese Randee Heller as Lucille LaRusso William Zabka as Johnny Lawrence Chad McQueen as Dutch Martin Ron Thomas as Bobby Brown Tony O'Dell as Jimmy Rob Garrison as Tommy Pat E. Johnson as Head Referee The Karate Kid is partly based on the life of its
himself. A review published by The Economist condemned Kissinger's On China as an inaccurate and problematic piece relating history and decisions of Chinese foreign policy. The review deduces that Kissinger's book is marred by his flattering picture of Chinese foreign policy, in which it is led by calculated, effective, master strategists. The articles also propose that Kissinger gave little consideration that Mao and Zhou were communists influenced by Mao's adaption of Marxist Ideology and Lenin which manifested in Chinese foreign
hinder the opponents' bidding, including sacrifices. All bidding by the partnership which does not open, which necessarily begins with a double or overcall (intervention). Delayed Postponed, as the jump preference in the auction 1♥ – 1♠; 2♦ – 3♥. Many bids have a different meaning depending on whether or not they are made at the first opportunity. Denomination (or strain) Component of a bid that denotes the proposed trump suit or notrump. Thus, there are five denominations – notrump, spades,
his bandmates and family, including Love, who had thought Wilson to be strictly opposed to drugs. Following the advice of Four Freshmen manager Bill Wagner, Wilson consulted with a UCLA psychiatrist on the adverse effects of LSD. The psychiatrist later told Wagner, "I don't know if he is savable. He gives me the impression he's been on it for a while, and he's entirely enamored of it." By 1966, Wilson acknowledged using "pills" for introspection rather than leisure and viewed
his career with 301 catches for 4,693 yards and 50 touchdowns, (although some sources have his numbers as 310 receptions, 4,856 receiving yards, and 51 touchdowns); his NCAA record for total career touchdown receptions stood until 2006 when New Hampshire wide receiver David Ball recorded his 51st career receiving touchdown. Rice's all-division NCAA record for total career receptions stood until 1999 when Scott Pingel of Division III Westminster logged his 302nd career reception. By the end of his college career,
his first solo credited release, "Caroline, No", as well as their unfinished album Smile. Branded a genius, by the late 1960s, his productivity and mental health had significantly declined, leading to periods marked by reclusion, overeating, and substance abuse. His first professional comeback yielded the almost solo effort The Beach Boys Love You (1977). In the 1980s, he formed a controversial creative and business partnership with his psychologist, Eugene Landy, and relaunched his solo career with the album Brian Wilson
his first year in the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and eventually confront the villainous Lord Voldemort. The PlayStation version, which was released simultaneously with the Game Boy Advance and Game Boy Color versions, was developed concurrently with those versions with input from Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling and the producers of the film to ensure a consistent presentation. The game received mixed reviews, with critics praising the faithful recreation of the Harry Potter universe and some gameplay elements,
his group. At Wilson's insistence, Capitol permitted the Beach Boys to fund their own external sessions while retaining all rights to the recordings. He also secured production control over the album, though he was not credited for this role in the liner notes. Wilson had sought to emulate producer Phil Spector's career path, later reflecting, "I've always felt I was a behind-the-scenes man, rather than an entertainer." Collaborating with songwriter Gary Usher, he composed numerous songs patterned after the Teddy
his intent to start a new car show, saying "I have lost my baby but I shall create another. I don't know who the other parent will be or what the baby will be like." Rumours that Clarkson, Hammond, and May were developing a new show through discreet meetings with various networks emerged starting in April 2015. These rumours pointed to a potential American broadcaster, as the terms of Clarkson's non-compete clause with the BBC stipulated he could not make
his late father who died of cancer when Wilson was 17. He performs it when he records a save or closes out a game. On May 30, 2011 (Memorial Day), Wilson announced that in memory of his father, an Air Force veteran, he would endow two scholarships for LSU Air Force ROTC cadets. The scholarship will be a need based scholarship available to any college junior or senior. Later that year, on July 7, Wilson gave away 1,000 baseball gloves
his love for harmonies and the human voice to their "groovy sectional sound". Their 1956 album Freshmen Favorites was the first pop album that Wilson listened to in its entirety and he regarded Voices in Love (1958) as "probably the greatest single vocal album I've ever heard". He greatly admired the group's arrangers, Pete Rugolo and Dick Reynolds, the latter's services he later employed for the Beach Boys' Christmas album and Adult/Child. It is likely that Wilson learned nearly the
his maternal aunt's family. Eleven years later, Harry is invited to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Upon his arrival, Harry is sorted into the Gryffindor house, where he resides and studies through the year. Harry befriends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger and they partake in a competition between the houses of Hogwarts to win the House Cup upon the year's end, in which points are granted for satisfactory performance and detracted for infractions. While sneaking through a
his new students. A remake of the original film, also titled The Karate Kid, was released in 2010. Set in Beijing, it starred Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith and received generally favorable reviews. Aside from the film series, an animated series based on the film, also called The Karate Kid, aired on NBC in the fall of 1989. Consisting of thirteen episodes, the series abandoned the karate tournament motif and followed Daniel and Miyagi, voiced by Joey Dedio and Robert
his original role, providing lyrics that had been written in the 1960s but not previously documented, and some that were newly written for the project, however, he was not involved with track sequencing, preferring to leave those decisions to Wilson. In the interest of preserving the "integrity" of their work, Sahanaja took on a less active role, contributing to the discussions only when the songwriters were struggling with "how to pull something off live". Wilson stated that he could recall
his own grandchildren and noting the actions of "good and decent policemen" as well as civil rights leaders. He said he had directed the Justice Department to investigate the King case, and that "grand jury action is underway today", and justice would prevail. The Post Office announced that it was unsafe for their couriers to deliver mail. The public were instructed to pick up their mail at the main Post Office. The lines were approximately 40 blocks long, and the
his playing career ended, Wilson was inducted into the Giants Wall of Fame in 2018. Wilson chose not to sign with any team before the 2013 season because he wanted to be fully recovered from surgery when he attempted his comeback. On July 25, he threw a bullpen session for several teams' scouts, hoping to sign with a contender. On July 30, 2013, Wilson agreed to a contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers for the remainder of the 2013 season.
his recommendations, approved Lieutenant General Zia-ul-Haq to four-star rank, and appointed him as army chief. Upon retirement from the army, Khan joined the Pakistan Peoples Party. Tikka Khan was appointed National Security Advisor in 1976 by Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. However, his tenure was short and ended when martial law was imposed by army chief General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in 1977. General Zia ordered the military police to arrest both Bhutto and General Tikka Khan and placed them under house
his work ethic and dedication. He still cared extensively about his physical appearance, often tailoring his uniform and jersey, and combed his hair before putting on his helmet; his philosophy was: "If you look good, feel good, you'll play good", as described by Shawn Rogers, one of his friends. In his 20 NFL seasons, Rice missed only 17 regular season games, 14 of them in the 1997 season and the other three in the strike-shortened season of 1987; his 303
his work on Pet Sounds with inventing "the modern pop album" and anticipating "the rise of the producer [and] the modern pop-centric era, which privileges producer over artist and blurs the line between entertainment and art". Wilson's popularity and success is attributed partly to the perceived naïveté of his work and personality. Commenting on the seemingly "campy and corny" quality of the Beach Boys' first records, David Marks said that Wilson had been "dead serious about them all", elaborating, "It's
historian, Air Commodore M Kaiser Tufail, in his book In The Ring and on Its Feet: Pakistan Air Force in the 1971 Indo-Pak War. The PAF played a more limited role in the operations. They were reinforced by Mirages from an unidentified Middle Eastern ally (whose identity remains unknown). According to author Martin Bowman, "Libyan F-5s were reportedly deployed to Sargodha AFB, perhaps as a potential training unit to prepare Pakistani pilots for an influx of more F-5s from Saudi
holding that interferes with declarer's entries. Equal level conversion (ELC) An agreement concerning rebids after take-out doubles. Traditionally, the bid of a new suit by the player who has made a take-out double is considered forcing. Under the equal level conversion agreement, the bid of a new suit by the doubler is not forcing if it is at the same level as advancer's bid. So, equal level conversion means that in the sequence 1♠ – (Dbl) – P – (2♦);
holds ultimate power and authority over party and state and serves as the paramount leader of China. The current general secretary is Xi Jinping, who took office on 15 November 2012. The National Congress also elects the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, the CCP's supreme disciplinary organ. The government in China is under the sole control of the CCP. The CCP controls appointments in government bodies, with most senior government officials being CCP members. The CCP maintains committees in the
holds ♦QJ10, South cannot cash a third diamond trick without an entry in another suit. The diamonds are blocked until North is able to unblock by playing the ace and king. Board One particular allocation of 52 cards to the four players including the bidding, the play of the cards and the scoring based on those cards. Also called deal or hand. A device that keeps each player's cards separate for duplicate bridge. The dummy's hand. For example, "You're on
home to a huge number of cyclists, with an estimated 470 million bicycles as of 2012. China has the world's largest esports market. Many more traditional sports, such as dragon boat racing, Mongolian-style wrestling and horse racing are also popular. China has participated in the Olympic Games since 1932, although it has only participated as the PRC since 1952. China hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where its athletes received 48 gold medals – the highest number of any
homes, and material items still felt like second class citizens. A poll by Newsweek asked whether Black people charged with crimes were treated more harshly or more leniently than other ethnicities; 75% of Black people responded "more harshly", versus 46% of white people. In his public statements during the riots, Jesse Jackson, civil rights leader, sympathized with African Americans' anger about the verdicts in the King trial and noted the root causes of the disturbances. He repeatedly emphasized the continuing
honor Mr. Hart for his work and outreach in the community. Gifford is in eastern Indian River County, on the west side of the Indian River, a tidal channel. It is bordered to the south by Vero Beach, the county seat; to the north by Winter Beach; and to the east, across the Indian River, by Indian River Shores. U.S. Route 1 passes through the center of Gifford, leading north 10 miles (16 km) to Sebastian and south through Vero
honor bonus is received by any player at the end of any deal in which the player held particular honor cards. (As there is no skill in scoring for honors, players often agree to play without the honor bonuses.) In duplicate bridge only: A partial-game bonus is received at the end of each deal for any partial game contract bid and made A game bonus is received at the end of each deal for any game contract bid and made
hopes that insurance premium – the penalty due to the sacrifice bid – will be less than the damage from allowing the opponents to make their contract. Interference A call, such as an overcall or an initial preempt, that is intended to make it more difficult for the opponents to bid to their best contract. Intermediate 1) Nines, eights and sevens are sometimes termed "intermediate cards." See body. 2) A jump overcall that by agreement may be made with a
hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where its athletes received 48 gold medals – the highest number of any participating nation that year. China also won the most medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, with 231 overall, including 95 gold. In 2011, Shenzhen hosted the 2011 Summer Universiade. China hosted the 2013 East Asian Games in Tianjin and the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, the first country to host both regular and Youth Olympics. Beijing and its nearby
house in Santa Monica and was cared for by a psychiatric nursing team. Later, he purchased a home in Pacific Palisades. Although his bandmates urged him to produce their next album, Keepin' the Summer Alive (March 1980), he was unable or unwilling to do so. Wilson continued his overeating and drug habits and, to motivate him in his musical endeavors, Dennis occasionally provided him with McDonald's hamburgers and cocaine. Jon Stebbins's biography of Dennis describes clandestine recording sessions between the
house surveillance prior to 1979 when he was released by Fazle Haq. Khan died the following year in Rawalpindi and was buried in Peshawar. Khan's brief period in power is widely regarded as a pivotal factor in the division of Pakistan. His refusal to hand over power to the Awami League, despite their electoral victory in East Pakistan, sparked political unrest. This culminated in Operation Searchlight: a brutal military crackdown resulting in the Bengali genocide and causing widespread death and
houses of Congress adopted a resolution confirming that he was president. The Tyler Precedent of succession was thus established, and subsequently Vice Presidents Millard Fillmore (1850), Andrew Johnson (1865), Chester A. Arthur (1881), Theodore Roosevelt (1901), Calvin Coolidge (1923), Harry S. Truman (1945), and Lyndon B. Johnson (1963) were all deemed to have become president on the death of incumbent presidents. Section 1 codified this precedent. In 1893, Grover Cleveland secretly had cancer surgery, after which he was incapacitated for
how concepts such as time travel worked in the books. Rowling stated in 2015 it should be considered canon. The stage play's "ambiguously gay" portrayal of the male friendship between Albus Potter and Scorpius Malfoy has been criticized as an example of "queerbaiting", with director John Tiffany stating his belief that it "would not [have] been appropriate" for The Cursed Child to directly address the characters' sexualities. In July 2016, Warner Bros. applied to purchase the rights to Harry Potter
huiken, Germ hocken "to squat") huchet "hunting-horn" huguenot "huguenot" ( < Swiss Germ Eidgenosse < Eid < OHG eit "oath" < Gmc + Genosse < OHG ginōz "comrade" < Gmc, cf OE āþ "oath", OE ġenēat "comrade, companion") huguenotisme hune (Naut.) "top" hunier huppe (Zoo.) "tuft, crest" ( < LL upupa < Gmc, cf ODu hoppe, huppe, LG huppup) huppé huppé "crested" hure "head" hurluberlu "a fool" hutin "sharp" hutte "hut" hutter huve "a type of old-fashioned haistyle" ice-boat ice-cream
human chain around Lt Gen Niazi to protect him from being lynched. Hostilities officially ended at 14:30 GMT on 17 December, after the surrender on 16 December, and India claimed large gains of territory in Pakistan (although pre-war boundaries were recognised after the war). The war confirmed the independence of Bangladesh. Following the surrender, the Indian Army took approximately 90,000 Pakistani servicemen and their Bengali supporters as POWs, making it the largest surrender since World War II. Initial counts recorded
huppé "crested" hure "head" hurluberlu "a fool" hutin "sharp" hutte "hut" hutter huve "a type of old-fashioned haistyle" ice-boat ice-cream ice-field iceberg "iceberg" if (Bot.) "yew" ( < OFr iv, ivo < Frk *îwa < Gmc īwo-, īwa-, cf OHG īwa, OE īw "yew") inlay "inlay" input (Tech.) "input" insaissable "imperceptible" insaissablilité installer "to install" ( < MFr < ML installare < in- + stallum < Gmc, cf OE steall "place, stall") installation installé installeur interbancaire "interbank" interbande "space between
hybrid system of supranational and intergovernmental decision-making, and according to the principle of conferral (which says that it should act only within the limits of the competences conferred on it by the treaties) and of subsidiarity (which says that it should act only where an objective cannot be sufficiently achieved by the member states acting alone). Laws made by the EU institutions are passed in a variety of forms. Generally speaking, they can be classified into two groups: those which
hype, it is hard not to be impressed with the new Smile. [...] the songs Wilson wrote for Smile still sound like nothing else rock music has ever produced. Its release may not warrant a quote from the defence secretary, but only the hardest heart would not be gladdened by its contents." NME's reviewer compared BWPS favorably to Sergei Prokofiev's Lieutenant Kijé ("its interweaved and repeated melodic strands"), Miles Davis' Kind of Blue ("its sheer contemplative beauty"), and the work
hām + gard "protection, shelter, yard" < Gmc, cf OE ġeard) hanneton "beetle" Hanse "the Hanse" Hanséatique hanter "to frequent, haunt" hantise happe "bed of an axle-tree" happe-chair happe-foie happe-lapin happer "to snap" haquenée "hackney, nag" haquet "a dray" haquetier harangue "harangue" haranguer haras "stud" ( < haraz < ON hārr < Gmc) harasser "to harass" ( < MFr harasser < OFr harrier "to harry" & harer < Frk *hara "here!" < Gmc, cf OHG hera, MDu hare) harceler "to
if a confrontation with the United States or China developed, it would take counter-measures. This assurance was enshrined in the Indo-Soviet Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation signed in August 1971. The Soviet Union accepted the Indian position that any resolution to the crisis in East Pakistan would have to be on terms acceptable to India and the Awami League, but the Indo-Soviet treaty did not mean a total commitment to the Indian stance, according to author Robert Jackson. The Soviet
if he thinks it is right and important. Rubeus Hagrid, a half-giant nearly 12 feet (3.7 m) tall, with tangled black hair and beard, who was expelled from Hogwarts and his wand was snapped in half (resulting in him never to use a wand again), though Professor Dumbledore let him stay on as the school's gamekeeper, a job which enables him to give lavish affection, care and even pet names (such as Norbert the dragon) on even the most dangerous
if playing Kaplan–Sheinwold and the rebid suit is a minor) play it as only a little weaker than a game-forcing opening bid. Jump shift A jump bid of a new suit. 1) As a rebid by opener (e.g. 1♥ – 1♠; 3♣) or responder (e.g. 1♥ – 1♠; 1NT – 3♣), it indicates extra strength 2) As direct response (e.g. 1♥ – 2♠): usually, a very strong hand. However, another treatment (weak jump shifts, requiring prior partnership agreement) uses the
if the reforms went through, were supportive of the campaign. By 1910, 31 state legislatures had passed resolutions calling for a constitutional amendment allowing direct election, and in the same year ten Republican senators who were opposed to reform were forced out of their seats, acting as a "wake-up call to the Senate". Reformers included William Jennings Bryan, while opponents counted respected figures such as Elihu Root and George Frisbie Hoar among their number; Root cared so strongly about the
if the trump suit is spades and a player is void in the suit led and plays a spade card, they win the trick if no other player plays a higher spade. If a card of the trump suit is led, the usual rule for trick-taking applies and the highest-ranked card of that suit wins. Unlike that of its predecessor, whist, the goal of bridge is not simply to take the most tricks in a deal. Instead, the goal is
impacted their health and life. It is in this context that modern trade unions emerge. In the cities, trade unions encountered much hostility from employers and government groups. In the United States, unions and unionists were regularly prosecuted under various restraint of trade and conspiracy laws, such as the Sherman Antitrust Act. This pool of unskilled and semi-skilled labour spontaneously organized in fits and starts throughout its beginnings, and would later be an important arena for the development of trade
impaled with their own personal arms or those of their father, if armigerous. However, the consorts of a queen regnant are not entitled to use the royal arms. Thus Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh was granted his own personal arms. A notable exception to this rule was Prince Albert, who used the royal arms (differenced by a special label) quartered with his own Saxon royal arms. Currently the following members of the royal family have their own arms based on
imperial visit to China, telling a Beijing audience he feels deep sorrow for the suffering of the Chinese people during World War II. October 25 – Lithuania holds a referendum on its first constitution after declaring independence from the Soviet Union in 1990. October 26 – In a national referendum, voters in Canada reject the Charlottetown Accord. October 28 – Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein threatens to dissolve the Landtag of Liechtenstein and dismiss the government over disagreements regarding a
implying any information is permitted. The cards are then played, the declaring side trying to fulfill the contract, and the defenders trying to stop the declaring side from achieving its goal. The deal is scored based on the number of tricks taken, the contract, and various other factors which depend to some extent on the variation of the game being played. Rubber bridge is the most popular variation for casual play, but most club and tournament play involves some variant
important documents (for example, international agreements and treaties). Tasks for the president of the European Council are ensuring the external representation of the EU, driving consensus and resolving divergences among member states, both during meetings of the European Council and over the periods between them. The European Council should not be mistaken for the Council of Europe, an international organisation independent of the EU and based in Strasbourg. The European Commission acts both as the EU's executive arm, responsible for
important for the outcome). North-South score the required 10 tricks, and their opponents take the remaining three. The contract is fulfilled, and North enters the pair numbers, the contract, and the score of +420 for the winning side (North is in charge of bookkeeping in duplicate tournaments) on the traveling sheet. North asks East to check the score entered on the traveller. All players return their own cards to the board, and the next deal is played. On the prior
impossibility of travelling to or from them without transiting through at least one Schengen member country. Mobile communication roaming charges are abolished throughout the EU, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The European Union Agency for the Space Programme (EUSPA), headquartered in Prague, Czech Republic, was established in 2021 to manage the European Union Space Programme in order to implement the pre-existing European Space Policy, established on 22 May 2007 between the EU and the European Space Agency (ESA), known collectively as
impressed by the authentic accounts of the personality of Mao as "sardonic" and Zhou "penetrating". Mitter believes Kissinger "showed a long-term vision that few politicians of any country could match today". Los Angeles Times former China correspondent, Linda Mathews, offered another positive review. Mathews described the book as a blend of strategic analysis of China, the United States and the Soviet Union, which was informative and authentic. Mathews was also impressed by the vignettes of his meetings with Chinese Communist
improved an internationally isolated Iran's dysfunctional ties with Pakistan. During the Soviet-Afghan War, Pakistan alongside other major powers such as the United States and China focused its covert support on the Sunni Pashtun groups (such as the Peshawar Seven) while Iran largely supported the Shi'a Hazara and Tajik groups (such as the Tehran Eight), though they were all united as the Afghan Mujahideen in waging war against the Soviet invaders. After the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan and subsequent victory for
in 1925, and within a few years contract bridge had so supplanted other forms of the game that "bridge" became synonymous with "contract bridge". The form of bridge mostly played in clubs, tournaments and online is duplicate bridge. The number of people who play contract bridge has declined since its peak in the 1940s, when a 1941 survey found it was played in 44% of US households. The game is still widely played, especially amongst retirees, and in 2005 the
in 1946 but opposed by the colonial authorities. The East Pakistan Renaissance Society advocated the creation of a sovereign state in eastern British India. Political negotiations led, in August 1947, to the official birth of two states, Pakistan and India, giving presumably permanent homes for Muslims and Hindus, respectively, after the British departed. The Dominion of Pakistan comprised two geographically and culturally separate areas to the east and the west, with India in between. The western zone was popularly (and,
in 1959. The Seventeenth Amendment altered the process for electing United States senators and changed the way vacancies would be filled. Originally, the Constitution required state legislatures to fill Senate vacancies. According to Judge Bybee, the Seventeenth Amendment had a dramatic impact on the political composition of the U.S. Senate. Before the Supreme Court required "one man, one vote" in Reynolds v. Sims (1964), malapportionment of state legislatures was common. For example, rural counties and cities could be given "equal
in 1965–66. The first batch was displayed in the Joint Services Day Parade on 23 March 1966. The 1965 War had proved that Pakistan Army's tank-infantry ratio was lopsided and more infantry was required. Three more infantry divisions (9, 16 and 17 Divisions) largely equipped with Chinese equipment and popularly referred to by the rank and file as "The China Divisions" were raised by the beginning of 1968. Two more corps headquarters: the 2 Corps Headquarters (Jhelum-Ravi Corridor) and the
in 2003. He began his career with the Hagerstown Suns of the Class-A South Atlantic League in 2004. In 23 games, he had a 2–5 record, a 5.34 earned run average (ERA), 41 strikeouts, and 22 walks in 57+1⁄3 innings pitched. He made three starts that year, the only time he ever started games professionally. The Giants switched single-A affiliates the next year and Wilson began pitching for the Augusta GreenJackets. In 26 games, he had a 5–1 record, a
in April 1997 for US$105,000, an unusually high sum for a children's book. Scholastic's Arthur Levine thought that "philosopher" sounded too archaic for readers and after some discussion (including the proposed title "Harry Potter and the School of Magic"), the American edition was published in September 1998 under the title Rowling suggested, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Rowling later said that she regretted this change and would have fought it if she had been in a stronger position at
in April 2016, an all-day singing was held in Paris, France. Sacred Harp singing appears as diegetic music in the films Cold Mountain (2004) and Lawless (2012), and as background music in The Ladykillers (2004). The 2010 song "Tell Me Why" by M.I.A. includes a sample of "The Last Words of Copernicus" by Sarah Lancaster, recorded at the 1959 United Sacred Harp Convention in Fyffe, Alabama, by Alan Lomax. The album version of Bruce Springsteen's "Death to My Hometown" (2012)
in Brazil where 20 men would compete for $1 million, and her virginity. In November 2012, 18-year-old Rebecca Bernardo of Sapeaçu, Brazil, announced via a YouTube video that she would sell her virginity to the highest bidder to pay medical costs for her sick mother. She claimed to be inspired by Catarina Migliorini. A Brazilian TV station offered to pay the mother's medical expenses, but that deal fell through. As of January 2013, she reported she had received three bids,
in China and August 5 in Hong Kong, by EDKO. The film received generally positive reviews from critics and earned $359.1 million worldwide on a $40 million budget, making it the highest-grossing film of the series. The film serves as a remake of the 1984 film of the same name following a similar narrative but with the setting moved to China, and the martial art changed (despite the film's title) from karate to kung fu. The announcement of the sixth
in China became mostly privatized, and experienced a significant rise in quality. In 2009, the government began a three-year large-scale healthcare provision initiative worth US$124 billion. By 2011, the campaign resulted in 95% of China's population having basic health insurance coverage. By 2022, China had established itself as a key producer and exporter of pharmaceuticals, producing around 40 percent of active pharmaceutical ingredients in 2017. As of 2024, the life expectancy at birth exceeds 79 years. As of 2023, the
in China to 1.5 °C (2.7 °F) electricity generation from coal in China without carbon capture must be phased out by 2045. Official government statistics about Chinese agricultural productivity are considered unreliable, due to exaggeration of production at subsidiary government levels. Much of China has a climate very suitable for agriculture and the country has been the world's largest producer of rice, wheat, tomatoes, eggplant, grapes, watermelon, spinach, and many other crops. In 2021, 12 percent of global permanent meadows
in China. The languages most commonly spoken belong to the Sinitic branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family, which contains Mandarin, spoken by 80% of the population, and other varieties of Chinese language: Jin, Wu, Min, Hakka, Yue, Xiang, Gan, Hui, Ping and unclassified Tuhua (Shaozhou Tuhua and Xiangnan Tuhua). Languages of the Tibeto-Burman branch, including Tibetan, Qiang, Naxi and Yi, are spoken across the Tibetan and Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau. Other ethnic minority languages in southwestern China include Zhuang, Thai, Dong and
in December 2001 on cumulative sales of children's fiction placed Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 19th among hardbacks (over 5 million copies) and 7th among paperbacks (over 6.6 million copies). In May 2008, Scholastic announced the creation of a 10th Anniversary Edition of the book that was released on 1 October 2008 to mark the tenth anniversary of the original American release. For the fifteenth anniversary of the books, Scholastic re-released Sorcerer's Stone, along with the other six novels
in EU core countries such as Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands and Italy, and it is also mirrored and emulated to some extent in the institutions of the EU, due to the relative weight that these countries had in the EU until the EU expansion by the inclusion of 10 new Eastern European member states in 2004. In the Anglo-Saxon System of labour market regulation, the government's legislative role is much more limited, which allows for more issues to be
in East Pakistan, most notably the Blood telegram. Nixon denied getting involved in the situation, saying that it was an internal matter of Pakistan, but when Pakistan's defeat seemed certain, he sent the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise to the Bay of Bengal, a move the Indians deemed a nuclear threat. Enterprise arrived on station on 11 December 1971. On 6 and 13 December, the Soviet Navy dispatched two groups of ships, armed with nuclear missiles, from Vladivostok; they trailed US
in Geneva on 5 September 1929 for a federal Europe to secure Europe and settle the historic Franco-German enmity. With large-scale war being waged in Europe once again in the 1930s and becoming World War II, the question of what to fight against and what for had to be agreed on. A first agreement was the Declaration of St James's Palace of 1941, when Europe's resistance gathered in London. This was expanded on by the 1941 Atlantic Charter, establishing the
in January 1979. Marilyn received custody of their children and a half share of Wilson's songwriting royalties. Wilson continued his relationship with Keil until 1981. After the separation, Wilson dated one of his nurses, Carolyn Williams, until January 1983. Singer Linda Ronstadt, in her 2013 memoir Simple Dreams, implied that she had briefly dated Wilson in the 1970s. Wilson initially dated Melinda Kae Ledbetter from 1986 to late 1989. Ledbetter attributed the premature end of their relationship to interference by
in Johannesburg, South Africa on 17 July 2016. Recording in the United States took place on 25 September 2016 in Southern California, with further recording taking place in Nashville on 21 November 2016. Studio recording in the United Kingdom took place in Whitby on 13 October 2016, with further recordings taking place at Loch Ness in December 2016. Further studio recording took place in Rotterdam on 22 October 2016 and Lapland on 3 November 2016. Stuttgart (Ludwigsburg) was also a
in June 2001 and signed with the Oakland Raiders for a four-year, $7.8 million contract. He joined a Raiders team coming off a loss in the playoffs to form one of the oldest receiver duos with Tim Brown (age 35). During the season, he had an eight reception, 131-yard performance with three touchdowns against the Chargers, and a nine reception, 108-yard performance against the Broncos. Rice caught 83 passes for 1,139 yards and nine touchdowns for the year. Oakland finished
in Los Angeles. The city, like other large metropolitan areas in United States, was also largely affected by a wave of crime due to the crack epidemic in the United States, the Crips–Bloods gang war and an intensification of the war on drugs. The origin of Operation Hammer can be traced to the 1984 Olympic Games held in Los Angeles. Under Gates' direction, the LAPD expanded gang sweeps for the duration of the Olympics. These were implemented across wide areas
in New South Wales where the royal arms may not be removed for practical or heritage reasons The current royal arms are also used by Australian newspaper The Age. The New Zealand Gazette displayed the royal arms until 1946. The newspaper The Press used the royal arms as its masthead until 2023. Historically, when the Irish Free State established its own diplomatic seals in the 1930s, the royal arms were depicted on the throne behind George V in a unique
in New York, where he performed "Heroes and Villains" publicly for the first time in decades. The Pet Sounds tour was followed by one in Europe in 2002, with a sold-out four-night residency at the Royal Festival Hall in London. Recordings from these concerts were issued as the live album Brian Wilson Presents Pet Sounds Live (June 2002). Over the next year, Wilson continued sporadic recording sessions for his fourth solo album, Gettin' In over My Head. Released in June
in New York. At that event, various artists performed his songs, including "Our Prayer" and "Surf's Up", with his band providing accompaniment. A performance of "Cabinessence" was considered but abandoned due to its complexity. Following the concert, Ledbetter and Sahanaja successfully petitioned Wilson to add "Our Prayer" and "Surf's Up" into his regular setlists. "Heroes and Villains" and a medley of "Wonderful" and "Cabinessence" were also added. Within a few months, he performed "Our Prayer" and "Heroes and Villains" during
in Northam's portrayal of Eden: "I'm assuming that creator Peter Morgan meant for it to be comedy. There's really no other explanation for why Jeremy Northam played Prime Minister Anthony Eden like he's having a nervous breakdown in every scene." Claire Foy won the 2018 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for her performance in the episode Dear Mrs Kennedy. Stephen Daldry won the 2018 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series
in November 1971, in which the former rejected American advice against intervening in the conflict. After the resignations of Admiral S.M. Ahsan and Lieutenant-General Yaqub Ali Khan, the press began airing reports of the Pakistani military's widespread genocide against their Bengali citizens, particularly targeting the minority Bengali Hindus, which led to approximately 10 million people seeking refuge in the neighbouring states of Eastern India. The Government of India opened the East Pakistan–India border to allow Bengali refugees to find shelter;
in Spain, 1,888,845 tickets in France and Germany, and 137,217 tickets in the South Korean capital of Seoul, adding up to 30,998,062 tickets sold in the United States, Canada, Spain, France, Germany and Seoul. On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 81% based on 97 reviews, with an average rating of 7.2/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "Utterly predictable and wholly of its time, but warm, sincere, and difficult to resist, due in large
in Tibet and Xinjiang, where significant numbers of ethnic minorities reside, including violent police crackdowns and religious suppression. Since 2017, the Chinese government has been engaged in a harsh crackdown in Xinjiang, with around one million Uyghurs and other ethnic and religion minorities being detained in internment camps aimed at changing the political thinking of detainees, their identities, and their religious beliefs, in what some described as a genocide or crimes against humanity. According to reports, political indoctrination, torture, physical
in Watts and South Central; the 1992 riots, on the other hand, were characterized by divided uproars that defied description of a simple uprising of Black against white and involved the destruction and looting of many businesses owned by racial minorities. A Special Committee of the California Legislature also studied the riots, producing a report entitled To Rebuild is Not Enough. The Committee concluded that the inner-city conditions of poverty, racial segregation, lack of educational and employment opportunities, police abuse
in a 26–17 victory in Week 3. Following a two-touchdown game against the Miami Dolphins in Week 4, Rice had six receptions for 172 yards and three touchdowns in a 35–14 victory over the Indianapolis Colts. In Week 10, against the St. Louis Cardinals, he had four receptions for 156 receiving yards and three touchdowns in the 43–17 victory. Rice had his second career 200-yard receiving game against the Washington Redskins, having a 12 reception, 204-yard performance in Week 11.
in a 27–26 victory. The NFL Players Association began a strike after the season's second game, causing Rice to miss the next four games while backups replaced him (including a canceled game). He picketed outside the 49ers practice facility while some of his teammates (including quarterback Joe Montana and halfback Roger Craig), crossed picket lines to play. When the strike ended, Rice resumed playing in Week 7. In Week 10, against the New Orleans Saints, he had four receptions for
in a 30–24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts. In the following game, against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, he had eight receptions for 122 receiving yards in the 20–16 victory. In the next game, a 38–28 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles, he had a season-high 164 receiving yards on six receptions for two touchdowns. Two weeks later, he had seven receptions for 149 receiving yards and a touchdown in a 24–20 victory over the New Orleans Saints in Week 5. Starting
in a bridge tournament. Recorder A member of a bridge organization whose responsibility it is to maintain a record of reports of possible violations of the Proprieties. Rectify the count To lose some number of tricks in preparation for a squeeze. Losing the tricks "tightens up" the end position, removing idle cards from the defenders' hands before they can be used as safe discards in the squeezed position. Red (Slang) Vulnerable. From the color of the paint on a duplicate
in a car crash at age 29 driving to his Dayton, Ohio home. The band announces they will not continue. May 24 – The first Ozzfest tour kicks off at the Nissan Pavilion in Washington, D.C., featuring Pantera and a reconstituted Black Sabbath with three of the four original members. May 26 – NSYNC releases their debut album NSYNC. May 27 - Kirk Franklin releases his fourth album (first collaboration album with God’s Property) God’s Property from Kirk Franklin’s Nu
in a collection of 19 early rolls. Triangular devices appeared on medieval Irish coinage by kings John and Edward I in the 12th and 13th centuries. These devices may have been crude harps or it may be that the harp developed from the use of triangles to distinguish Irish coins. The idea of a harp being the arms of Ireland may have originated as a reference to a fictional character, le roi d'irelande, in the courtly legend cycle of Tristan.
in a game: 5 (tied with Kellen Winslow and Bob Shaw) Throughout his collegiate and professional career, Rice has won the following awards and honors: 3× Super Bowl champion (XXIII, XXIV, XXIX) Super Bowl MVP (XXIII) PFWA NFL MVP (1987) Jim Thorpe Trophy (1987) 2× Sporting News NFL MVP (1987, 1990) Bert Bell Award (1987) 2× NFL Offensive Player of the Year (1987, 1993) Pro Bowl Game MVP (1996) 13× Pro Bowl (1986–1996, 1998, 2002) 10× First Team All-Pro (1986–1990,
in a hand into suits may also contribute to the strength of a hand and be counted as distribution points. A better than average hand, containing 12 or 13 points, is usually considered sufficient to open the bidding, i.e., to make the first bid in the auction. A combination of two such hands (i.e., 25 or 26 points shared between partners) is often sufficient for a partnership to bid, and generally to make, game in a major suit or notrump
in a hand while 4=3=3=3 means four spades, represented first, and three each in hearts, diamonds, and clubs. Thus 4=6=2=1 means 4 spades, 6 hearts, 2 diamonds, and 1 club. Distribution points A measure of one hand's strength due to the length or shortness of suits. See Hand evaluation. DONT Acronym for Disturb Opponents Notrump. A conventional defense to notrump opening bids. DOPE Acronym for Double Odd, Pass Even. A conventional method for bidding over interference with Blackwood. DOPI A
in a major and at least four cards in another suit. Multi An ambiguous opening bid of 2♦ that promises one of several different types of hand. Originally entitled "multicoloured 2 Diamonds". Natural A call which indicates either: (1) a willingness to play the contract named, (2) a suit bid suggesting length or strength in that suit, (3) a notrump bid that suggests a balanced hand, (4) a double that suggests the ability to defeat the opponent's contract, (5) a
in a military coup. This was followed a half year later by the Iranian Revolution, which established an Islamic republic and overthrew of the Shah of Iran. In 1979, Pakistan was one of the first countries in the world to recognize the new revolutionary regime in Iran. Responding swiftly to this revolutionary change, Foreign Minister of Pakistan Agha Shahi immediately undertook a state visit to Tehran, meeting with his Iranian counterpart Karim Sanjabi on 10 March 1979. Both expressed confidence
in a position to win the event. Bath coup A holdup by declarer, to prevent an opponent from continuing a suit. In the classic position, declarer holds ♠AJ2 and West, on declarer's left, leads ♠K from ♠KQ1098. By playing the 2 on West's K, South makes it impossible for West to continue spades without giving South a free finesse. Beer card The ♦7. Below the line In rubber bridge, the place on the score pad (below the main horizontal line)
in a prisoner of war camp in Italy from where he escaped in the third attempt. Yahya Khan served in World War II as a lieutenant and later captain in the 4th Infantry Division (India). He served in Iraq, Italy and North Africa. After the partition of India, he decided to join the Pakistan Army in August 1947, he had already reached the rank of major (acting lieutenant-colonel). In this year, he was instrumental in not letting the Indian officers
in a room; it was Brian and me ... and all kinds of self-interested people pulling him in various directions." Television producer David Oppenheim, who visited Wilson's home while filming the 1967 documentary Inside Pop: The Rock Revolution, characterized the environment as "a playpen of irresponsible people". Smile was never finished, due in large part to Wilson's worsening mental condition and exhaustion. Associates often cite late 1966 as a turning point, coinciding with erratic behavior during sessions for the track
in administration. In November 2020, two members of the union, Hungary and Poland, blocked approval to the EU's budget at a meeting in the Committee of Permanent Representatives (Coreper), citing a proposal that linked funding with adherence to the rule of law. The budget included a COVID-19 recovery fund of €750 billion. The budget was finally approved by 12 December when Hungary and Poland withdrew their vetoes after further negotiations in the council and the European Council. Bodies combatting fraud
in an attempt to escape the fame and notoriety and begin a new life. King and his family later returned to Los Angeles, where they ran a family-owned construction company. Until his death on June 17, 2012, King rarely discussed the night of his beating by police or its aftermath, preferring to remain out of the spotlight. King died of an accidental drowning; authorities said that he had alcohol and drugs in his body. Renee Campbell, his most recent attorney,
in both the old and new member states. The largest winners were the new member states, in particular unskilled labour in the new member states. The European Union is frequently cited as having made a major contribution to peace in Europe, in particular by pacifying border disputes, and to the spread of democracy, especially by encouraging democratic reforms in aspiring Eastern European member states after the collapse of the USSR. Scholar Thomas Risse wrote in 2009, "there is a consensus
in connection with BWPS. The suit was dismissed. In October 2005, Arista Records released Wilson's album What I Really Want for Christmas, which consisted of renditions of Christmas standards plus two new originals by Wilson. To celebrate the 40th anniversary of Pet Sounds, he toured the album briefly in November 2006 with Al Jardine. In 2007, the Southbank Centre in London commissioned Wilson to create a new song cycle in the style of Smile. Collaborating with Scott Bennett, Wilson reconfigured
in contrast to the countries in the Anglo-Saxon system category, this is a much more widespread network of collective agreements, which covers most industries and most firms. This model was said to encompass Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Here, Denmark joined the EU in 1973, whereas Finland and Sweden joined in 1995." The United States takes a more laissez-faire approach, setting some minimum standards but leaving most workers' wages and benefits to collective bargaining and market forces. Thus, it comes
in directing Pakistan's Western front campaigns. He oversaw the launch of Operation Chengiz Khan, a preemptive strike on Indian airbases, aimed at crippling Indian airpower and initiating hostilities. Despite extensive planning, the operation inflicted only limited damage. On the Western front, General Hamid Khan commanded key offensives, including the assault towards Ferozepur and ordered the offensive in Chhamb under Major General Iftikhar Janjua, which resulted in territorial gains. He also directed the attempted advance towards Longewala, though this effort was
in districts with higher unionization rates. Another 2020 American study found an association between US state level adoption of parental leave legislation and trade union strength. In the United States, unions have been linked to lower racial resentment among whites. Membership in unions increases political knowledge, in particular among those with less formal education. Public-sector trade unions have been associated with increased cost of government. Critique of work Digital Product Passport Excess profits tax Global labor arbitrage Labor federation competition
in eight geographic zones for some purposes. It sponsors competitions including but not limited to world championships, which exclusively convey the title "world champion". WBU Welsh Bridge Union. Wolff signoff After a jump rebid of 2NT by opener, responder's bid of 3♣ as a puppet to 3♦, after which responder can sign off with a weak hand. Woo twos A synonym or close variant of the Muiderberg convention, a weak two-bid showing 5 cards in a major and at least
in exchange, which were finally established in 1992 under P. V. Narasimha Rao. In the western front (present-day India-Pakistan border), both countries sparred indecisively. By the end of the war, India had captured a larger quantity of territory than Pakistan. The majority of territory India held was mostly barren, sandy desert in Sindh which did not dent Pakistan's economy or harm its political standing in Sindh but greatly effected on the morale of Pakistan. On the other hand, although smaller
in generally natural fashion. Since the 1950s, it has been almost entirely superseded by variants of the Blackwood convention. Culbertson system The earliest dominant bidding system, developed by Ely and Josephine Culbertson. Its principal features were an approach–forcing bidding style, four-card majors, strong two-bids and the use of an honor trick table to evaluate hand strength. Curse of Scotland The ♦9. The origin of the term is uncertain. Cut in and cut out In rubber bridge, it is customary on
in half a second. I never saw such a fast escape. I was pretty disappointed." Carl Rhyu, also a participant in the Koreans' armed response, said, "If it was your own business and your own property, would you be willing to trust it to someone else? We are glad the National Guard is here. They're good backup. But when our shops were burning we called the police every five minutes; no response." At a shopping center several miles north of
in harassing Pakistani military in East Pakistan, creating conditions conducive to a full-scale Indian military intervention in early December. The Pakistan Air Force (PAF) launched a preemptive strike on Indian Air Force bases on 3 December 1971. The attack was modeled on the Israeli Air Force's Operation Focus during the Six-Day War and intended to neutralize the Indian Air Force planes on the ground. India saw the strike as an open act of unprovoked aggression, which marked the official start
in his "Minor Report" on May 15. He also pitched for the Norwich Navigators of the double-A Eastern League (posting no record, eight saves, a 0.57 ERA, 22 strikeouts, five walks, and 15+2⁄3 innings pitched in 15 games) and the Fresno Grizzlies of the Triple-A Pacific Coast League (posting a 1–1 record, no saves, a 3.97 ERA, 13 strikeouts, eight walks, and 11+1⁄3 innings pitched in nine games). Wilson began 2006 with the Grizzlies before getting called up to the
in its favor. China vetoed this as Pakistan was its key ally. The United States, also a key ally of Pakistan, was one of the last nations to accord Bangladesh recognition. To ensure a smooth transition, in 1972 the Simla Agreement was signed between India and Pakistan. The treaty ensured that Pakistan recognized the independence of Bangladesh in exchange for the return of the Pakistani PoWs. India treated all the PoWs in strict accordance with the Geneva Convention, rule 1925.
in national law against member states. Decisions offer an alternative to the two above modes of legislation. They are legal acts which only apply to specified individuals, companies or a particular member state. They are most often used in competition law, or on rulings on State Aid, but are also frequently used for procedural or administrative matters within the institutions. Regulations, directives, and decisions are of equal legal value and apply without any formal hierarchy. Foreign policy co-operation between member
in other arms and emblems. For example, the arms of the Genealogical Office, which is headed by the Chief Herald of Ireland, are the four provinces shown quartered beneath a chief Gules, charged with a Tudor Portcullis Or between two Scrolls Argent (a red band with a gold Tudor portcullis between two silver scrolls). The arms of Leinster (Vert, a Harp Or, stringed Argent) are believed to have likely evolved from the arms of Ireland itself with a change of
in spades at a low level. 4♥ is the final contract, 10 tricks being required for N-S to make with hearts as trump. South is the declarer, having been first to bid hearts, and the player to South's left, West, has to choose the first card in the play, known as the opening lead. West chooses the spade king because spades is the suit the partnership has shown strength in, and because they have agreed that when they hold two
in strict time, without pauses at the ends of phrases. A prominent feature of the vocal style is accent: instead of phrases being sung legato (as is typical in much choral singing), downbeats are sung louder than offbeats, enhancing a shared feeling of pulse and providing rhythmic interest to the singing experience. Especially at large singings, the volume of the sound is generally loud (with singers using "full voice"). Although Sacred Harp singing is heavily reliant on the printed book,
in terms of nominal GDP, and the world's largest in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP). As of 2022, China accounts for around 18% of the global economy by nominal GDP. China is one of the world's fastest-growing major economies, with its economic growth having been almost consistently above 5 percent since the introduction of the reform and opening up policy in 1978. According to the World Bank, China's GDP grew from $150 billion in 1978 to $18.74 trillion by
in that suit and requesting partner to bid notrump with a holding such as Qx or Jxx. Common in the UK, less so elsewhere. Director Also tournament director (TD). The referee (in duplicate bridge). The director enforces the rules, assigns penalties for violations, and oversees the progress of the game. The director may also be responsible for the final scoring. In a large tournament there may be several directors reporting to a Head Director. In ACBL-sponsored events, a director's ruling
in the 27–24 loss to the Saints. In Week 11 against the Lions, Moore recorded seven catches for 127 yards during the 20–0 win. He was placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the Panthers on December 7, 2020, and activated on December 16. In Week 15 against the Packers, Moore recorded six catches for 131 yards during the 24–16 loss. Moore finished the 2020 season with 66 receptions for 1,193 receiving yards and four receiving touchdowns. On April 30, 2021,
in the American South BostonSing, a large collection of shape-note recordings "Sacred Harp Bremen". Includes all the songs in the Sacred Harp book: lyrics, sheet music and the individual parts sung by a synthesised voice, and a beginners guide. In English and German. New Compositions in the Styles of the Sacred Harp
in the Beni Messous massacre in Algeria. The International Olympic Committee picks Athens, Greece, to be the host city for the 2004 Summer Olympics. September 6 – The funeral of Diana, Princess of Wales, takes place at Westminster Abbey, London, UK, watched by over two billion people worldwide. September 11 – Scotland votes in favour of a devolved Parliament, forming the Scottish Parliament less than two years later. September 15 – The Norwegian parliamentary election is held in Norway. September
in the Culbertson system, which assigns point values to honors and combinations of honors. AK is two honor tricks, AQ is 1⁠1/2⁠ honor tricks, A or KQ is 1 honor trick, and Kx is ⁠1/2⁠ honor trick. Similar in concept to quick tricks in the play of the hand. Hook (Slang) Finesse (noun or verb). House player An employee of a bridge club who is available as a fourth. Howell movement A pairs tournament movement where each pair typically plays
in the EU population. Eurostat's Eurobarometer opinion polls showed in 2005 that 52 per cent of EU citizens believed in a god, 27 per cent in "some sort of spirit or life force", and 18 per cent had no form of belief. Into the 21st century, many countries have experienced falling church attendance and membership. The countries where the fewest people reported a religious belief were Estonia (16 per cent) and the Czech Republic (19 per cent). The most religious
in the Indian Ocean. At the end of the war, the Warsaw Pact countries were among the first to recognize Bangladesh. The Soviet Union accorded recognition to Bangladesh on 25 January 1972. The United States delayed recognition for some months, before according it on 8 April 1972. As a long-standing ally of Pakistan, the People's Republic of China reacted with alarm to the evolving situation in East Pakistan and the prospect of India invading West Pakistan and Pakistani-controlled Kashmir. On
in the NFL 1980s All-Decade Team and the NFL 1990s All-Decade Team. As of the end of the 2015 NFL season, Rice holds the following league records: Most career receiving yards: 22,895 Most career receptions: 1,549 Most career touchdown receptions: 197 Most career yards from scrimmage: 23,540 (22,895 receiving, 645 rushing) Most career touchdowns from scrimmage: 207 (197 receiving, 10 rushing) Most career all purpose yards: 23,546 (22,895 receiving, 645 rushing, 6 kick returns) Most career all purpose touchdowns: 208
in the National Assembly in this role. Under pressure by Bhutto and the Pakistan Peoples Party, President Yahya Khan postponed the National Assembly session despite meeting with and inviting the Awami League to form the government on 7 March. Sheikh Mujibur Rahman reacted by calling upon the Bengali people to launch an armed liberation movement against Pakistan at a mass rally. Responding to this, President Yahya Khan accepted the resignation of Lieutenant General Yaqub Khan as governor of East Pakistan
in the Netherlands in 2026, with performances in Dutch as the one-part version. The show is expected to open on 14 March 2026, after previews started 3 March 2026. Harry Potter: Jamie Glover Ron Weasley: Thomas Aldridge (2017-present) Hermione Granger: Rakie Ayola, Michelle Gayle, Franc Ashman Ginny Potter: Emma Lowndes Scorpius Malfoy: Samuel Blenkin Harry Potter: James Snyder Hermione Granger: Jenny Jules Ron Weasley: David Abeles Draco Malfoy: Tom Felton Ginny Potter: Erica Sweany Albus Potter: Nicholas Podany Both parts
in the UK (and in countries which are party to the Paris Convention) under sections 4 and 99 of the Trade Marks Act 1994, and its use is governed by the Lord Chamberlain's Office. The royal arms may be displayed by holders of a royal warrant but may not be used as a trade mark and should only be displayed for the duration of the grant of a royal warrant. It is an offence under Section 12 of the Trade
in the US on 8 September 1999. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was published on 8 July 2000 at the same time by Bloomsbury and Scholastic. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the longest book in the series at 766 pages in the UK version and 870 pages in the US version. It was published worldwide in English on 21 June 2003. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was published on 16 July 2005 and
in the army hierarchy. Khan was a close and trusted ally of General Yahya Khan, with their friendship tracing back to their early years in the military. Both officers shared a long-standing association, having served together in various capacities throughout their careers. This camaraderie and trust played a significant role in Hamid Khan’s rise through the ranks, particularly during Yahya Khan’s tenure as the Commander-in-Chief of the Pakistan Army and later as President of Pakistan. In March 1969, Pakistan experienced
in the background in full BDSM leather fetish apparel, supposedly unknown to him (but almost certainly teammate Pat Burrell). Another time, in an interview with Jim Rome, Wilson appeared to receive a call from "The Machine" and pulled a leather mask (allegedly "The Machine's") out of his pocket to show to Rome. Wilson portrayed Peterson, a pitcher in the 2019 film Bottom of the 9th. List of Major League Baseball annual saves leaders List of San Francisco Giants team records
in the border regions. Despite complex ties between the two neighbours have been shaped by bilateral security concerns and strategic interests, defense cooperation between Pakistan and Iran is strengthening as Pakistan draws closer to China. Iran and Pakistan are both members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, the Trilateral Consultation between China, Pakistan and Iran are also committed to counter-terrorism and security cooperation. The navies of Pakistan and Iran regularly hold joint exercises in the Arabian Sea. Iran and Pakistan have
in the deck of the CN Tower in Toronto, Ontario, Canada for an audience of 150 people. November 27 – Namie Amuro releases her ninth single under Avex Trax, "Dreaming I Was Dreaming." December 1 – Aaron Carter bursts onto the music scene at the age of 10 with the release of his debut album Aaron Carter, making him the youngest male artist in the world since Michael Jackson in 1969. December 4-5 – Black Sabbath perform a pair of
in the items being sold will participate. This type of deposit is most often used in auctions involving high-value goods (such as real estate). The winning bidder has their earnest money applied toward the final selling price; the non-winners have theirs refunded to them. Escrow – an arrangement in which the winning bidder pays the amount of their bid to a third party, who in turn releases the funds to the seller under agreed-upon terms. Estimate - auction houses typically
in the other major suit and in an unspecified minor suit. MiniBridge A simplified form of contract bridge designed to expose newcomers to declarer and defensive playing techniques without the burden of learning a detailed bridge bidding system. Minor penalty card A card below the rank of an honor card that is exposed by a defender prematurely but accidentally, via mishap. A minor penalty card remains face up on the table until played. The minor penalty card must be played
in the play). The failure of the contract would not mean that 4♥ was a bad contract on this hand. The contract depends on the club finesse working, or a defense error. The bonus points awarded for making a game contract far outweigh the penalty for going one off, so it is best strategy in the long run to bid game contracts such as this one. Similarly, there is a minuscule chance that the ♣K is in the west hand,
in the sequence 1♦ – 1♥; 1♠. Checkback Stayman A common conventional agreement following a 1NT rebid, searching for an unbid major suit or a preference to responder's major. Chicago A variant of rubber bridge in which a rubber consists of four deals with vulnerability predetermined for each deal. Chicane A hand without any trumps. CHO (Slang) Centre-hand opponent, a derogatory or facetious term for one's partner, or partners generally. Compare LHO and RHO, left- and right-hand opponents. Chuck (Slang)
in the show's first season, Kove reprised his role as John Kreese starting in the second season, while Shue reprised her role as Ali Mills in the series' third season, and Thomas Ian Griffith as Terry Silver (from Part III) in the fourth and fifth seasons. In January 2020, a musical theatre adaptation of The Karate Kid was revealed to be in development. Amon Miyamoto served as the director, with an accompanying novel being written by the original film's screenwriter
in the state legislatures, with a full third of the Oregon House of Representatives choosing not to swear the oath of office in 1897 due to a dispute over an open Senate seat. The result was that Oregon's legislature was unable to pass legislation that year. Zywicki again argues that this was not a serious issue. Deadlocks were a problem, but they were the exception rather than the norm; many legislatures did not deadlock over elections at all. Most of
in the tradition, including singers outside Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi and Texas. New singers typically strive to follow the historically Southern customs at their singings; traditional singers have responded to this need by providing help in orienting the newcomers. For instance, the Rudiments section of the 1991 Denson edition includes information on how to hold a singing; this information would be superfluous in a traditional context, but is important for a group starting up on its own. In recent years an
in the world, and the Beijing–Shanghai high-speed railway, which has three of longest railroad bridges in the world. The Shanghai maglev train, which reaches 431 km/h (268 mph), is the fastest commercial train service in the world. Since 2000, the growth of rapid transit systems in Chinese cities has accelerated. As of December 2023, 55 Chinese cities have urban mass transit systems in operation. As of 2020, China boasts the five longest metro systems in the world with the networks
in turn reformed in 1961 into the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and its membership was extended to states outside of Europe, the United States and Canada. During the 1960s, tensions began to show, with France seeking to limit supranational power. Nevertheless, in 1965 an agreement was reached, and on 1 July 1967 the Merger Treaty created a single set of institutions for the three communities, which were collectively referred to as the European Communities. Jean Rey presided
in turn, offered Iran cooperation in investigating the bombing and expressed sympathy for the victims of the attack. A Pakistani delegation was due to travel to Iran. On 12 May 2020 following a terrorist attack on the Pakistan-Iran border which killed six Pakistani soldiers and injured 1, COAS General Qamar Javed Bajwa and Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran Mohammad Bagheri had a telephonic conversation in which both commanders discussed ways to
in which 4♣ and 4♦ are used as transfers to 4♥ and 4♠ respectively. Splinter A singleton or void in a suit other than the trump suit. A hand with both good support for partner's trumps and a splinter can be very powerful offensively—offering control of the splinter suit (by ruffing the first or second trick) and extra trump winners (by ruffing subsequent rounds). When declarer holds either no top honors or the ace and low cards opposite a splinter
in which a player leads up to an opponent's tenace, solving that opponent's possible guess. The term is normally used when the player is forced to make that lead. Frozen A frozen suit is one that neither side can play without damage to its own holding in the suit. Declarer can sometimes duck the defense's lead to freeze the suit. See example at right. Gambling 3NT An opening bid of 3NT. The bidder hopes to make the contract by means
in which case it can be trapped against the ace, and will be beaten, using a tactic known as a finesse. After considering the cards, the declarer directs dummy (North) to play a small spade. East plays low (small card) and South takes the trick with the ♠A, gaining the lead. (South may also elect to duck, but for the purpose of this example, let us assume South wins the ♠A at trick 1). South proceeds by drawing trumps, leading
in which case they may hire a bid caller/s to announce the rules and call bids. The auctioneer may operate their own auction house (and thus perform the duties of both auctioneer and auction house), or work for another house. Auctioneers are frequently regulated by governmental entities, and in those jurisdictions must meet certain criteria to be licensed (be of a certain age, have no disqualifying criminal record, attend auction school, pass an examination, and pay a licensing fee). Auctioneers
inadvertently takes the boys with her and destroys the Time-Turner to leave them stranded in time. Searching Delphi's room, Harry, Draco, Ginny, Hermione, and Ron discover hidden writing on the walls claiming Delphi is the daughter of Voldemort, and describing a prophecy that will allow Voldemort to return. Albus and Scorpius discover they have been taken back to the night before Harry's parents were killed. They write an invisible message on Harry's baby blanket, knowing in the present, the blanket
inch. In April 2008, Iran expressed interest in the People's Republic of China's participation in the project. Since as early as in 2005, China and Pakistan are already working on a proposal for laying a trans-Himalayan pipeline to carry Middle Eastern crude oil to western China. Beijing has been pursuing Tehran and Islamabad for its participation in the pipeline project and willing to sign a bilateral agreement with Iran. China and Pakistan are already working on a proposal for laying
incident in Algeria's insurgency, 423 people from four villages in the wilaya of Relizane are killed. Chemistry – Paul D. Boyer, John E. Walker, Jens C. Skou Economics – Bank of Sweden – Robert C. Merton, Myron Scholes Literature – Dario Fo Peace – International Campaign to Ban Landmines and Jody Williams Physics – Steven Chu, Claude Cohen-Tannoudji, William D. Phillips Medicine – Stanley B. Prusiner 1997 Year in Review – CNN
incited the incident, and by evening some of his Cabinet members were reportedly considering trying to get Vice President Mike Pence to agree to invoke Section 4. According to multiple sources, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was reluctant to impeach Trump a second time and, as an alternative disciplinary measure, asked Pence to agree to invoke the 25th Amendment in early 2021. Pence refused. Acting President of the United States CRS Annotated Constitution: Twenty-fifth Amendment The Great Society Congress Twenty-Fifth Amendment
include Catholics of both Latin and Eastern Rite, numerous Protestant denominations with Lutherans, Anglicans, and Reformed forming the majority of Protestant affiliations, and the Eastern Orthodox Church. In 2009, the EU had an estimated Muslim population of 13 million, and an estimated Jewish population of over a million. The other world religions of Buddhism, Hinduism, and Sikhism are also represented in the EU population. Eurostat's Eurobarometer opinion polls showed in 2005 that 52 per cent of EU citizens believed in
include jazz chords, such as sevenths and ninths. Wilson attributed his use of minor seventh chords to his affinity for the music of Bacharach. Chord inversions, particularly using a tonic with a fifth in the bass, are also prevalent in his work, again influenced by Bacharach. He sometimes rooted the bass on a major seventh scale degree; Probyn Gregory commented: "there are modern avant-garde composers that do that, but someone that was as popular as Brian Wilson was in popular
increased from 20% in 1980 to over 68% in 2025, according to Chinese government figures. According to the United Nations, the country's urbanization rate is 83.7 percent, having peaked in absolute numbers in 2021. China has over 160 cities with a population of over one million, including the 18 megacities as of 2024 (cities with a population of over 10 million) of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Xi'an, Suzhou, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Linyi, Shijiazhuang, Dongguan, Qingdao, Changsha and
increases penalties if the opponents fail to make their contract, but consequently also increases the bonuses if they make it. A player can double only a contract bid by the opposition. A natural double is referred to as penalty double. A double may have various alternative conventional meanings depending upon the bidding context. See Informatory double, Takeout double, Negative double, Lead-directing double, Responsive double and Support double. Double dummy (Adjective or adverb.) Said of a play or line of play
independence of East Pakistan as well as humanitarian support for the Bengali people. Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi provided extensive diplomatic and political support to the Bangladesh movement. She toured many countries in a bid to create awareness of the Pakistani atrocities against Bengalis. This effort was to prove vital later during the war, in framing the world's context of the war and to justify military action by India. Also, following Pakistan's defeat, it ensured prompt recognition of the newly
independent of the EU and based in Strasbourg. The European Commission acts both as the EU's executive arm, responsible for the day-to-day running of the EU, and also the legislative initiator, with the sole power to propose laws for debate. The commission is 'guardian of the Treaties' and is responsible for their efficient operation and policing. It has 27 European commissioners for different areas of policy, one from each member state, though commissioners are bound to represent the interests of
indicated when neither declarer nor dummy has a running side suit or when the declaring side may have over-reached in the bidding. Contrast Active. Pass-or-correct A bid made in response to partner's ambiguous call. For example, South opens with 1♠ and West bids 2♠, by prior agreement showing hearts and a minor. North passes and East bids 3♣, expecting West to pass if he holds clubs and to correct to diamonds otherwise. Pass out 1) To make the third of
indicates that a team scored 300 runs for three wickets, and declared its innings closed (300) indicates that a team scored 300 runs and was all out Batting notation (100) indicates that a batsman scored 100 runs and was out (100*) indicates that a batsman scored 100 runs and was not out Bowling notation (5–100) indicates that a bowler has captured 5 wickets while conceding 100 runs Currently playing † indicates a current Test cricketer Seasons Domestic cricket seasons in
indicating a minimum suit length, an unbalanced hand, and a narrow high card strength range. Limit jump raise An invitational jump raise of a major suit, such as 1♥ – 3♥. Limit jump raises usually guarantee at least an 8-card fit in partner's major suit and around 10–11 HCP or the distributional equivalent. Limit raise Any call which invites partner to bid game in a suit partner has bid, previously. A limit raise promises trump support and hand strength about
individual negotiations. As a condition to obtain the legal status of a trade union, employee associations need to prove that their leverage is strong enough to serve as a counterforce in negotiations with employers. If such an employee's association is competing against another union, its leverage may be questioned by unions and then evaluated in labour court. In Germany, only very few professional associations obtained the right to negotiate salaries and working conditions for their members, notably the medical doctor's
individuals seeking to sell their own virginity to the highest bid. Cricket players are routinely put up for auction, whereby cricket teams can bid for their services. Indian Premier League (IPL) started annual public auctioning of cricket players in 2008 as an entertainment for mass consumption. Also, Bangladesh Premier League conducts cricket player auctions, starting in 2012. In some countries, such as Australia, auctioning is a common method for the sale of real estate. Auctions were traditionally used as an
individuals who have perhaps died intestate (those who have died without leaving a will), or in debt. In legal contexts where forced auctions occur, as when one's farm or house is sold at auction on the courthouse steps. Property seized for non-payment of property taxes, or under foreclosure, is sold in this manner. Police auctions are generally held at general auctions, although some forces use online sites including eBay, to dispose of lost and found and seized goods. Debt auctions,
information on the number of aces and kings held, used in slam bidding situations). The term preempt refers to a high-level tactical bid by a weak hand, relying upon a very long suit rather than high cards for tricks. Preemptive bids serve a double purpose – they allow players to indicate they are bidding on the basis of a long suit in an otherwise weak hand, which is important information to share, and they also consume substantial bidding space which
information they can exchange is restricted – information may be passed only by the calls made and later by the cards played, not by other means; in addition, the agreed-upon meaning of each call and play must be available to the opponents. Since a partnership that has freedom to bid gradually at leisure can exchange more information, and since a partnership that can interfere with the opponents' bidding (as by raising the bidding level rapidly) can cause difficulties for their
information" but not to respond or send personnel to restore order or rescue people in the area. Moulin was relieved by a captain, ordered only to assess the Florence and Normandie area, and, again, not to attempt to deploy officers there. Meanwhile, Tur continued to cover the events in progress live at the intersection. From overhead, Tur described the police presence at the scene around 6:30 p.m. as "none". At 6:43 p.m., a white truck driver, Larry Tarvin, drove down
information. Takeout double A conventional call used in a competitive auction to indicate support for the unbid suits in a hand of opening strength, and to request that partner bid. The classic, ideal pattern is 4–4–4–1, with the shortness in the suit doubled. There are many informatory doubles that anticipate a bid from partner, but "takeout double" typically refers to the double immediately over opening bidder. Tank (Slang) Huddle. Tap (Verb and noun) Slang. To adopt a line of defense
initially began form as the closing four tracks of That's Why God Made the Radio. In January 2014, Wilson declared in an interview that the Beck collaborations would not be released. In September 2014, Wilson attended the premiere of Bill Pohlad's biopic Love & Mercy at the Toronto International Film Festival. He had contributed "One Kind of Love" to the film, which later received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Original Song. In October, BBC released a re-recorded version of
inning in the contest, a 3–1 victory over the AL. On October 3 (the final day of the regular season), the Giants faced the Padres, whom they led by one game in the NL West. Wilson threw a scoreless inning to earn the save and clinch the division for the Giants. Wilson converted his 48th save that day, tying the Giants' single season save record of 48 held by Rod Beck. He finished the season with a 3–3 record, a
innings figures. Indian leg spinner Anil Kumble was the second bowler to take 10 wickets in an innings, claiming 10–74 against Pakistan in 1999. In December 2021, New Zealand spinner, Ajaz Patel became the third bowler to take 10 wickets in an innings. West Indies batsman Brian Lara has the highest individual score in Test cricket: he scored 400 not out against England in 2004 to surpass the innings of 380 by Matthew Hayden six months earlier. Lara had held
innovation, as well as the leading producer of batteries for electric vehicles.China is the second-largest retail market after the United States. China leads the world in e-commerce, accounting for over 37% of the global market share in 2021. China has three out of the ten largest stock exchanges in the world—Shanghai, Hong Kong and Shenzhen—that together have a market capitalization of over $15.9 trillion, as of October 2020. China has three out of the world's ten most competitive financial centers
innovative and majorly successful pop musician, establishing a successful career model that was then followed by the Beatles and other mid-1960s British Invasion acts. Under Wilson's creative leadership, the Beach Boys became major contributors to the development of psychedelic music, although they are rarely credited for this distinction. Christian Matijas-Mecca, in his book about psychedelic rock, credits Wilson, alongside Bob Dylan and the Beatles, for establishing a creative standard that "enabled psychedelic artists to expand their sonic and compositional boundaries",
insecurity and a great fear of failure beneath her swottiness". Rowling also imagined a supporting cast of adults. The headmaster of Hogwarts is the powerful, but kind wizard Albus Dumbledore, who becomes Harry's confidant. Rowling described him as "the epitome of goodness". His right hand is severe Minerva McGonagall, the friendly half-giant Rubeus Hagrid, who saved Harry from the Dursley family and the sinister Severus Snape. Professor Quirrell is also featured in the novel. The main antagonists are Draco Malfoy,
inspections of North Korea's nuclear power plants. February 1 – President of the United States George Bush meets with President of Russia Boris Yeltsin at Camp David, where they formally declare that the Cold War is over. February 3 – South African State President F.W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela, African National Congress leader, are jointly awarded the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Peace Prize at the UNESCO headquarters in Paris. February 4 – In Venezuela, Hugo Chávez leads an unsuccessful coup attempt
inspired the nation to fight for its independence. General Tikka Khan was flown into Dacca to become Governor of East Bengal. East-Pakistani judges, including Justice Siddique, refused to swear him in. Between 10 and 13 March, Pakistan International Airlines canceled all its international routes to urgently fly "government passengers" to Dacca. These "government passengers" were almost all Pakistani soldiers in civilian dress. MV Swat, a ship of the Pakistan Navy carrying ammunition and soldiers, was harbored in Chittagong Port, but
installare < in- + stallum < Gmc, cf OE steall "place, stall") installation installé installeur interbancaire "interbank" interbande "space between bands" intergroupe intergroupal intra-groupe ive (Bot.) "yew" ivette interlope "an interloper" ( < Eng interlope < interloper < inter- + loper < MDu lōper "runner" < lōpen "to run" < Gmc, cf OE hlēapan "to leap, run") jable "cross-groove, gable" jabler japper "to yelp, bark" (< OFr japer, OPr jaupar < Gmc *galpōn "to yelp, bark, scream") jappe jappement jardin
institutions founded and patronised by Queen Victoria and Albert, Prince Consort. Several provincial and territorial courts in Canada make use of the royal arms: The Supreme Court, Court of Appeal and Provincial Court of British Columbia The Court of Appeal for Ontario and some older courts in Ontario. The Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador and Court of Appeal of Newfoundland and Labrador The Supreme Court of the Yukon Territory and the Court of Appeal of Yukon The Supreme Court
institutions of the European Union by individuals and member states, although certain matters are reserved for the Court of Justice. Decisions of the General Court can be appealed to the Court of Justice, but only on a point of law. Prior to the coming into force of the Lisbon Treaty on 1 December 2009, it was known as the Court of First Instance. Since the amendments to the Statute of the CJEU in October 2024, the Court of Justice shares
instructed his drummer to play only the snare and floor-tom afterbeats characteristic of Spector's records, albeit with a lower snare drum tuning. Reflecting further Spector influence, Wilson rarely used ride or crash cymbals and often combined color tones within groupings of instruments to produce novel sounds. His bass lines were usually played with a hard plectrum, which imparted a more percussive quality, a technique he adapted from Motown. His first use of a string section was on "The Surfer Moon"
instructed to pick up their mail at the main Post Office. The lines were approximately 40 blocks long, and the California National Guard were diverted to that location to ensure peace. By this point, many entertainments and sports events were postponed or canceled. The Los Angeles Lakers hosted the Portland Trail Blazers in an NBA playoff basketball game on the night the rioting started. The following game was postponed until Sunday and moved to Las Vegas. The Los Angeles Clippers
instruments such as harpsichord and tack piano, and electric drums were used in place of timpanis. These digital keyboards were kept for the album's recording, though a real upright piano and timpani was used. Some alterations were also made to tracks' specific arrangements, since they had been arranged with an audience in mind, along with the logistics of only having ten performers on stage. Linett explained: "For the studio version of Smile, Brian and the band eliminated some of the
insurgency broke out in Pakistan's Balochistan province in 1973, Iran, fearing the Baloch insurgency might spill over into its own Sistan and Baluchistan Province, offered large-scale support. Iran provided Pakistan with military hardware (including thirty AH-1 Cobra attack helicopters), intelligence, and $200 million in aid. The government of then-Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto declared its belief that, as in the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War, India was once again behind the unrest and uprising of rebels in the Balochistan region.
intentional play; or, an honor card that is exposed prematurely even if accidentally. A major penalty card remains face up on the table to be played at the first legal opportunity, including as a discard. Contrast Minor penalty card. Major suit The heart suit and the spade suit are major suits, often referred to simply as the majors. Declarer scores 30 points for each trick taken in an undoubled contract with a major suit as trump. Because game requires at
interest in the item (and, thus, increased bids). Dynamic closing – a mechanism used to prevent auction sniping, by which the closing time is extended for a small period to allow other bidders to increase their bids. eBidding – electronic bidding, whereby a person may make a bid without being physically present at an auction (or where the entire auction is taking place on the Internet). Earnest money deposit (a/k/a "caution money deposit" or "registration deposit") – a payment that
interests. While Pakistan has also provided support to Iran in the Iran–Israel proxy conflict and served as a mediator in the Iran–Saudi Arabia proxy conflict, Pakistan's support for Turkey in the Iran–Turkey proxy conflict is viewed with scepticism and distrust from Tehran. After the U.S. complete withdrawal of its troops and the Taliban return to power in the 2020s, Pakistan has stepped up cooperation with Iran to promote peace and stability in Afghanistan. Iran has also expressed an interest in
intermediate card in the suit of interest.) Suit preference signals cover the situation where a defender is returning a suit which will be ruffed by his partner. If he plays a high card he is showing an entry in the higher side suit and vice versa. There are some other situations where this tool may be used. Surrogate signals cover the situation when it is critical to show length in a side suit and it will be too late if
international trade union news service RadioLabour New Unionism Network Archived 6 January 2011 at the Wayback Machine Trade union membership 1993–2003 Archived 7 April 2022 at the Wayback Machine – European Industrial Relations Observatory report on membership trends in 26 European countries Trade union membership 2003–2008 Archived 12 April 2022 at the Wayback Machine – European Industrial Relations Observatory report on membership trends in 28 European countries Trade Union Ancestors – Listing of 5,000 UK trade unions with histories of
internationally by Pottermore Publishing and Amazon's subsidiary, Audible. In May 2020, a reading podcast by Spotify was created and entitled Harry Potter at Home: Readings. Each chapter is narrated by a celebrity guest from the Harry Potter and Wizarding World franchises. In 1999, Rowling sold the film rights of the first two Harry Potter books to Warner Bros. for a reported £1 million. Rowling demanded that the principal cast be kept strictly British, but allowed for the casting of Irish
into an auction, in which partnerships compete to win a contract, specifying both how many tricks they will need to take in order to receive points and the trump suit (or no trump, meaning that there will be no trump suit). Players take turns to call in a clockwise order: each player in turn either passes, doubles – which increases the penalties for not making the contract specified by the opposing partnership's last bid, but also increases the reward for
into editions of The Sacred Harp throughout the 20th century and into the 21st. Two other books are currently used by Sacred Harp singers. A few singers in north Georgia employ the "White book", an expanded version of the 1869 B. F. White edition edited by J. L. White. African-American Sacred Harp singers, although primarily users of the Cooper book, also make use of a supplementary volume, The Colored Sacred Harp, produced by Judge Jackson (1883–1958) in 1934 and later
into the emblems of Irish companies, such as Guinness and Ryanair. It appears on the arms of countries with historical links to Ireland or the United Kingdom, such as Montserrat and Canada. In 1984, exemplars of the modern design, approved by the Chief Herald, were registered by the Government of Ireland with the World Intellectual Property Organization under Article 6ter of the Paris Convention, which relates to state emblems. The government only registered "left-facing" images, with the harp's sound board
into the house. Remarkably, neither the suspect nor the woman and children inside the house were harmed. Although Mayor Bradley lifted the curfew, signaling the official end of the riots, sporadic violence and crime continued for a few days afterward. Schools, banks, and businesses reopened. Federal troops did not stand down until May 9. The Army National Guard remained until May 14. Some National Guard soldiers remained as late as May 27. Many Korean Americans in Los Angeles refer to
into the loss of life. Immediate transfer of power to the elected representative of the people before the assembly meeting 25 March. He urged his people to turn every house into a fort of resistance. He closed his speech saying, "Our struggle is for our freedom. Our struggle is for our independence." This speech is considered the main event that inspired the nation to fight for its independence. General Tikka Khan was flown into Dacca to become Governor of East
invasion of Ireland in 1169 that Irish coats of arms came into being, several decades after the art began to take seed in England and continental Europe. The earliest reference to a herald of arms for Ireland was in 1392 on the creation of the first Ireland King of Arms. The Ireland King of Arms, which was under the English College of Arms, was succeeded by an independent Ulster King of Arms, and an Athlone Pursuivant, in 1552, which despite
investment found union density improved all metrics - but only until a limit. Forming U-shaped curves, after an optimal density, more unionisation worsened employment, wages, etc. Research from the Anglosphere indicates that unions can provide wage premiums and reduce inequality while reducing employment growth and restricting employment flexibility. Some trade unions oppose approaches which increase productivity, such as automation. In the United States, the outsourcing of labour to Asia, Latin America, and Africa has been partially driven by increasing costs
investor in renewable energy and its commercialization, with $546 billion invested in 2022; it the world's leading manufacturer and innovator of renewable energy technologies and invests heavily in local-scale renewable energy projects. Long heavily relying on non-renewable energy sources such as coal, China's adaptation of renewable energy has increased significantly in recent years. In 2024, 58.2% of China's electricity came from coal (largest producer in the world), 13.5% from hydroelectric power (largest), 9.8% from wind (largest), 8.3% from solar energy
invited army chief General Yahya Khan to take over the central government. The geographical distance between the eastern and western wings of Pakistan was vast; East Pakistan lay over 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) away, which greatly hampered any attempt to integrate the Bengali and the Pakistani cultures. To overcome the Bengali domination and prevent formation of the central government in Islamabad, the controversial One Unit programme established the two wings of East and West Pakistan. West Pakistanis' opposition to these
invited to the next auction). In Britain and many other countries, rings and other forms of bidding on one's own object are illegal. In Australia, a dummy bid or also a shill is a criminal offence, but a vendor bid or a co-owner bid below the reserve price is permitted if clearly declared as such by the auctioneer. These are all official legal terms in Australia but may have other meanings elsewhere. A co-owner is one of two or several
invites partner to bid a slam. Slot (Slang) The location of a card that is onside. "In the slot" means "Finessable." Slough Discard. Pronounced and sometimes spelled "sluff". Slow Cards that require establishment before they can be cashed. Slow arrival A style of bidding that uses a jump to a contract (to which the previous bidding has already forced the partnership) to show a specific holding. Contrast Fast arrival. Slow rubber A rubber completed in three games. See fast rubber.
is "riveting", and that it is "gorgeously shot, with flawless re-creations of everything from the Throne Room in Buckingham Palace to a 1950s hospital ward. And it's surprisingly funny." The Wall Street Journal critic John Anderson said "The Crown attains genuine sexiness without sex. Margaret, à la Ms. Kirby's interpretation, smolders, as does Elizabeth, at least on occasion." Meghan O'Keefe of Decider wrote that the season "continues to romanticize the British royal family, but the romance comes from how they're
is 15 to 17 in (38 to 43 cm) tall. The long-limbed Tall Coton shows up in all three color varieties and can be born to a litter with normal-sized parents that carry the appropriate genes. The nose is black in colour in the Coton de Tuléar Club of America standard. However, the Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard, which also favors a black nose, states that brown is tolerable as well. A pink or partly pink nose is not accepted in
is a variant of the English auction in which bids are written on a sheet of paper. At the predetermined end of the auction, the highest listed bidder wins the item. This auction is often used in charity events, with many items auctioned simultaneously and "closed" at a common finish time. The auction is "silent" in that there is no auctioneer selling individual items; the bidders write their bids on a bidding sheet often left on a table near the
is also a rhapsody for brass band, composed by Joan Trimble (1915–2000) Peadar Kearney, author of the Irish national anthem, wrote a song entitled 'Erin go Bragh'. The song tells about the Easter Rising in Dublin in sarcastic fashion, with all 6 verses ending in "Erin Go Bragh". In 1969, the band The Wolfe Tones released a cover of Kearney's song "Erin Go Bragh" on their LP Rifles of the I.R.A. Alba gu bràth (Scottish Gaelic cry: 'Scotland forever!') Faugh
is broad, slightly domed, wedge-shaped, and proportionate to the size of the body. Ears are V-shaped, set at the outside edges of the skull, and may be erect or button. A docked tail is preferred, but a natural bob tail or a natural tail carried in an upward curve is also acceptable. The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier occurs in solid white, other solid colors with markings, and white with a variety of colored patches. The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier should be evaluated
is called the auction or the bidding. Bidding box A box placed on the table (one box for each player) that contains cards with calls printed on them, as well as other cards such as "alert". By selecting and displaying a card, a player can make a call without speaking. Silent bidding removes one source of unauthorized information from the game. Bidding space The number of steps available in an auction, or the number of steps consumed by a bid.
is destroyed, but the two reconcile after Albus steals Harry's old Invisibility Cloak from Albus's older brother James. Harry relents after a conversation with Draco and Ginny. Meanwhile, Albus and Scorpius make another attempt to use the Time-Turner to save Cedric, this time by humiliating him during the Triwizard Tournament's second task. When Scorpius returns to the present day, Albus is not with him. Dolores Umbridge reveals that Harry is dead and Voldemort rules the wizarding world. Scorpius discovers that
is developing its education system with an emphasis on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). Its academic publication apparatus became the world's largest publisher of scientific papers in 2016. According to the World Intellectual Property Indicators, China received more applications than the U.S. did in 2018 and 2019 and ranked first globally in patents, utility models, trademarks, industrial designs, and creative goods exports in 2021. In 2022, China overtook the US in the Nature Index, which measures the share of
is divided into 33 province-level divisions: 22 provinces, 5 autonomous regions, 4 municipalities, and 2 semi-autonomous special administrative regions. Beijing is the capital, while Shanghai is the most populous city by urban area and largest financial center. The first humans in China arrived during the Paleolithic era. By the 2nd millennium BCE dynastic states had emerged in the Yellow River basin. The 8th–3rd centuries BCE saw a breakdown in the authority of the Zhou dynasty, accompanied by the emergence of
is full carryover but the term is commonly used only when carryover is less than full. Some team events have a later knockout stage with carryover equal to some fraction of any margin of victory from an early-stage match between the same teams. Many tournaments for teams, pairs, or individuals have stages that progressively reduce the field, such as by cutting the bottom half at the end of each day. Sometimes the qualifiers continue with a fraction of their qualifying
is granted equally to non-member states. The European System of Financial Supervision is an institutional architecture of the EU's framework of financial supervision composed by three authorities: the European Banking Authority, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority. To complement this framework, there is also a European Systemic Risk Board under the responsibility of the central bank. The aim of this financial control system is to ensure the economic stability of the EU.
is his parents' killer, Lord Voldemort. Hermione's research reveals that Nicolas Flamel's creation, the Philosopher's Stone, can produce an elixir that grants immortality. She suspects that Snape is after the Stone and discloses rumours that Voldemort is also involved, prompting Harry, Ron and Hermione to act. Harry soothes Fluffy to sleep with a flute gifted to him by Hagrid, and the three friends make their way through the trapdoor. They traverse through obstacles put in place by the school's professors,
is home to many of the world's tallest religious statues, representing either deities of Chinese folk religion or enlightened beings of Buddhism; the tallest of all is the Spring Temple Buddha in Henan. Statistics on religious affiliation in China are difficult to gather due to complex and varying definitions of religion and the diffusive nature of Chinese religious traditions. Scholars note that in China there is no clear boundary between the three doctrines and local folk religious practices. Chinese religions
is intended to permit movement of investments such as property purchases and buying of shares between countries. Until the drive towards economic and monetary union the development of the capital provisions had been slow. Post-Maastricht there has been a rapidly developing corpus of ECJ judgements regarding this initially neglected freedom. The free movement of capital is unique insofar as it is granted equally to non-member states. The European System of Financial Supervision is an institutional architecture of the EU's framework
is made to vibrate, a buzzing is heard which imitates that of bees, wasps, and flies ... [if one uses] several Jew's harps of various sizes, a curious harmony is produced. There are many theories for the origin of the name jew's harp. The apparent reference to Jewish people is especially misleading since it "has nothing to do with the Jewish people; neither does it look like a harp in its structure and appearance". In Sicilian it is translated as
is markedly different from earlier depictions. During the 17th century, it became common to depict the harp with a woman's head and breasts, like a ship's figurehead, as the pillar. It is not necessary to show a full complement of thirty strings, provided that the numbers do not fall below nine. The strings are always silver and the harp is always gold. The harp is shown on a blue background. The colour of the field is sometimes called St. Patrick's
is needed in basic games are the cards and a method of keeping score, but there is often other equipment on the table, such as a board containing the cards to be played (in duplicate bridge), bidding boxes, or screens. In rubber bridge each player draws a card at the start of the game; the player who draws the highest card deals first. The second highest card becomes the dealer's partner and takes the chair on the opposite side of
is normally underpinned by an Action Plan, as agreed by both Brussels and the target country. There is also the worldwide European Union Global Strategy. International recognition of sustainable development as a key element is growing steadily. Its role was recognised in three major UN summits on sustainable development: the 1992 UN Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; the 2002 World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg, South Africa; and the 2012 UN Conference
is not vulnerable, a small slam gets 500 points, and a grand slam 1000 points. If the declaring side is vulnerable, a small slam is 750 points and a grand slam is 1,500. In rubber bridge, the rubber finishes when a partnership has won two games, but the partnership receiving the most overall points wins the rubber. Duplicate bridge is scored comparatively, meaning that the score for the hand is compared to other tables playing the same cards and match
is not widely used, except in market orders in stock or currency exchanges, which are functionally identical. Japanese auction is a variation of the Dutch auction with a low initial price that increases over time. As the price rises, participants must either signal intent to continue bidding or drop out of the auction, and no participant may enter or re-enter the auction once it has begun. Once only one participant remains in the auction, the auction ends and that participant
is not with him. Dolores Umbridge reveals that Harry is dead and Voldemort rules the wizarding world. Scorpius discovers that his actions caused Cedric to join the Death Eaters and kill Neville Longbottom, preventing him from killing Nagini and thus allowing Voldemort to win the Battle of Hogwarts. With Harry now dead, Albus never existed, while Voldemort was able to consolidate power and transform the Ministry of Magic into a dictatorial regime. In the new timeline, Scorpius became a popular
is one of the poorest communities in Florida. The settlement of Gifford was organized in the mid-1880s, according to the Indian River County Historical Society. The area was named as the Woodley precinct in the 1900 census, and as a settlement village for black families, the community grew. By 1893, the early settlers of Gifford had been joined by black laborers who had come to work on Henry Flagler's new railroad project, the Florida East Coast Railway. The residents named
is open in sense (c). Trap pass See Sandbag. Traveller A type of score slip on which the result of a deal is recorded for the purpose of comparative scoring. Used in certain event formats, it is folded, placed into the board and 'travels' with it to the next table. May also be referred to as a travelling slip or travelling score sheet. Contrast Pick-up slip. Tray See Board. Treatment A natural bid that: (1) either shows a willingness to
is some predictability in Beijing's actions". Kissinger introduces Mao Zedong's ideologies, aspiration and tactics and his quest for psychological advantage. Kissinger references how a Chinese game known as wei qi (or Go) drove China's military engagements and influenced their position in the cold war. Kissinger follows on with the topic of the Cold War by summarising the motives of U.S, North Korea, China and the USSR, examining triangular diplomacy and the causes of the Korean War. Kissinger proffers that the
is sometimes necessary to adjust the number of trumps held while preparing a trump coup, or while preparing to defend certain squeezed positions. Undertrick A trick that declarer does not win, causing the contract to go down. Multiple undertricks occur: for example, two undertricks could result in 4♥ down two. Unfinished rubber A rubber that the players agree not to finish. In rubber bridge scoring, a 300-point bonus is given to a vulnerable side, and a 100-point bonus to a
is taking place on the Internet). Earnest money deposit (a/k/a "caution money deposit" or "registration deposit") – a payment that must be made by prospective bidders ahead of time in order to participate in an auction. The purpose of this deposit is to deter non-serious bidders from attending the auction; by requiring the deposit, only bidders with a genuine interest in the items being sold will participate. This type of deposit is most often used in auctions involving high-value goods
is the largest in the world. The PLA holds the world's third-largest stockpile of nuclear weapons, and the world's second-largest navy by tonnage. China's official military budget for 2024 totalled US$229 billion (1.67 trillion Yuan), the second-largest in the world, though the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute estimates that its real expenditure that year was US$314 billion, making up 12% of global military spending and accounting for 1.7% of the country's GDP. But on a Purchasing Power Parity basis, China's
is the world's leading manufacturing power, accounting for 30% of global manufacturing. It has been the world's largest manufacturing nation since 2010, after overtaking the U.S., which had been the largest for the previous hundred years. China is the world's leading producer of steel and rare earths, the world's leading electronics industry manufacturer, and the world's dominant shipbuilding manufacturer. China has the world's largest market for automobiles, having surpassed the United States in both auto sales and production. The country
is titled Best Kid (Japanese: ベスト・キッド; Korean: 베스트 키드) after the local title of the 1984 film in both countries. Sony had considered changing the title of the film, but Jerry Weintraub, one of the producers, rejected the idea. Weintraub was also the producer of the original Karate Kid. The Chinese government granted the filmmakers access to the Forbidden City, the Great Wall of China, and the Wudang Mountains. On some occasions, the filmmakers had to negotiate with residents who
is typically well developed and reaches to (FCI-Standard N° 283 / 04. 02. 2000 / GB) the elbows. A Coton de Tuléar's feet are small and arched, and its back is normally strong and slightly arched. The pads of the feet are usually black. The body is of moderate length and typically has a moderate tuck-up. Traditionally, the loin is muscular and not overly long. The hind legs are normally strong and straight. The hind feet are similar to the
is undoubled, doubled or redoubled. In an undoubled contract each overtrick earns the same as in contract points (30 for notrump and major suit contracts, 20 for minor suit contracts); values increase significantly when the contract has been doubled or redoubled, especially when vulnerable. Bonuses are awarded for all slam contracts bid and made: a small slam, or successful contract to win 12 of 13 tricks, earns a bonus of 500 points if not vulnerable and 750 points if vulnerable;
is used as a lingua franca between people of different linguistic backgrounds. In the autonomous regions of China, other languages may also serve as a lingua franca, such as Uyghur in Xinjiang, where governmental services in Uyghur are constitutionally guaranteed. Freedom of religion is guaranteed by China's constitution, although religious organizations that lack official approval can be subject to state persecution. The government of the country is officially atheist, and the Chinese Communist Party requires its members to be atheist.
is why the Champagne or Champagne Teddy Bear Coton eventually turns white when the adult hair comes in.) The Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard specifies that the Coton's coat should be white but may also have tan or "lemon" color on their ears and body. The coat, however, must be primarily white with no black hair. The US-based Coton de Tuléar Club of America (CTCA) allows for three different but equally favorable colorings: white, black-and-white, and tri-color, including "honey bear". White
is won by Denmark. June 16 – A "Joint Understanding" agreement on arms reduction is signed by U.S. president George H. W. Bush and Russian president Boris Yeltsin (this is later codified in START II). June 17 Two German relief workers held since 1989, Thomas Kemptner and Heinrich Struebig, are handed over to the German authorities after their release; they are the last Western hostages in Lebanon. Violence breaks out between the African National Congress and the Inkatha Freedom Party
is won by the song "Se diga lo que se diga", written by Francisco Curiel and Josemanuel Fernández, and performed by Iridián representing Mexico. November 3 – The Spice Girls release Spiceworld, their second number one album, making the group the first British band since The Beatles to have two albums in the US chart at the same time. Spice and Spiceworld have amassed enough sales for one out of every two people in Britain to own a Spice Girls
isolate Pakistan. On state visits to the United Kingdom and France, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi convinced them to break with their ally the United States and block any pro-Pakistan resolution in the United Nations. The victory also defined India's much broader role in foreign politics, as many countries in the world had come to realise – including the United States – that the balance of power had shifted to India as a major player in the region. In the wake
issue – Regional dispute Great Seal of Northern Ireland – National seal of Northern Ireland Ulster – Traditional province in the north of Ireland, includes all of Northern Ireland and part of the Republic of Ireland Coat of arms of Ulster Coat of arms of Ireland
issues a formal apology to the surviving victims of the Tuskegee Study of Untreated Syphilis in the Negro Male and their families. May 17 – Troops of Laurent Kabila march into Kinshasa. May 21 – Radiohead releases OK Computer May 23 Mohammad Khatami wins the 1997 Iranian presidential election and becomes the first Iranian Reformist president. A riot in Banjarmasin, Indonesia breaks out, causing at least 137 deaths. May 25 – A military coup in Sierra Leone replaces President Ahmad
issues five-year plans to guide the direction of the economy. Private enterprise has expanded enormously, with around 57 million private businesses recorded in 2025. According to official statistics, privately owned companies constitute more than 60% of China's GDP. China accounted for 18.6% of the world's total wealth in 2022, second highest in the world after the U.S. China brought more people out of extreme poverty than any other country in history—between 1978 and 2018, China reduced extreme poverty by 800
issues. Senator John H. Mitchell noted that the Senate became the "vital issue" in all legislative campaigns, with the policy stances and qualifications of state legislative candidates ignored by voters who were more interested in the indirect Senate election. To remedy this, some state legislatures created "advisory elections" that served as de facto general elections, allowing legislative campaigns to focus on local issues. Calls for a constitutional amendment regarding Senate elections started in the early 19th century, with Henry R.
it had been reported that she had received a bid of £1 million. In any event, it turned out the 50,000 euro bid from "a wealthy Italian businessman" was actually Italian actor Paolo Calabresi (who had debunked the Fico auction above). Calabresi met her while wearing a wire to determine if the auction was a scam. Though Calabresi seemed to think Noelle was genuine, she was at that point afraid of going through the auction due to all the press
it hostility from the more Soviet-aligned Arab world. Brief tensions between Iran and Pakistan arose in 1974, when Mohammad Reza Pahlavi refused to attend the Islamic Conference in Lahore because Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi had been – despite the known hostility between two – invited to it by Pakistan. Later in 1976, Iran again played a vital and influential role by facilitating a rapprochement between Pakistan and Afghanistan. Iran's reaction to India's surprise 1974 nuclear test detonation (codenamed Smiling Buddha)
it is a second motto, that of the Order of the Thistle: Nemo me impune lacessit (no one will attack me with impunity). The crowns in the Scottish version of the arms are conventionally stylised to resemble the crown of Scotland. Changes to the blazon of the royal arms are in the royal prerogative, presumed to be under ministerial advice. This table breaks down the blazons to enable comparison of the differences between the general arms and the arms used
it is damaging to partnership confidence. See also Game force, Grand slam force and One round force. Forcing defense The lead and subsequent continuation of a suit that the defenders believe declarer will have to ruff in the long trump hand. The strategy is to shorten declarer's trump holding so as to leave the defenders in control of the hand. See Tap. Forcing notrump An agreement that a 1NT response to a 1♥ or 1♠ opening is a forcing bid.
it remains an enduring source of popular culture in the Chinese sphere of influence. In the wake of the New Culture Movement after the end of the Qing dynasty, Chinese literature embarked on a new era with written vernacular Chinese for ordinary citizens. Hu Shih and Lu Xun were pioneers in modern literature. Various literary genres, such as misty poetry, scar literature, young adult fiction and the xungen literature, which is influenced by magic realism, emerged following the Cultural Revolution.
it states that if a defender plays one of two adjacent missing cards (e.g. ♦QJ) then that defender is less likely also to hold the other missing card. Progression The movement of players and deals between rounds in an event. Progressive squeeze A squeeze in three suits that, when it matures, results in a new squeezed position in two suits. Promote 1) In the play, to cause a card to become a winner. 2) In the bidding, to assign a
it to book trade and library publications such as Kirkus Reviews and Booklist, which examined it only by the entertainment-oriented criteria of children's fiction. However, more penetrating specialist reviews (such as one by Cooperative Children's Book Center Choices, which noted complexity, depth and consistency in the world that Rowling had built) attracted the attention of reviewers in major newspapers. Although The Boston Globe and Michael Winerip in The New York Times complained that the final chapters were the weakest part
it was announced that Harry Potter and the Cursed Child would make its world premiere at the Palace Theatre in the West End. Tickets went on sale to preregistered priority members on 28 October 2015, before going on sale to the public on 30 October 2015. In just under eight hours of priority booking, 175,000 tickets were sold for the world premiere production. To meet the demand for tickets, the play's booking period was extended through January 2017. Upon tickets
it was widely perceived that East Pakistan was being exploited economically, leading to many grievances. Administration of two non-contiguous territories was also seen as a challenge. On 25 March 1971, after an election won by an East Pakistani political party (the Awami League) was ignored by the ruling (West Pakistani) establishment, rising political discontent and cultural nationalism in East Pakistan was met by brutal and suppressive force from the ruling elite of the West Pakistan establishment, in what came to
it. Breathing some new life into an old market is what this music is about. And I think it's going to inspire the industry to make better music. I really do. A Phil Spector type of movement might happen again, too. [...] I think we're at the lowest point we've been in the history of the business. The quality of music, the lack of melodic originality, the lack of discernible lyrics, like in rap music. It all adds up to
it. Internationalism and visions of European unity had existed since well before the 19th century, but gained particularly as a reaction to World War I and its aftermath. In this light the first advances for the idea of European integration were made. In 1920 John Maynard Keynes proposed a European customs union for the struggling post-war European economies, and in 1923 the oldest organisation for European integration, the Paneuropean Union was founded, led by Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi, who later would
item at a time, rather than having separate auctions for each. This type can be further classified as either a uniform price auction or a discriminatory price auction. An example for them is spectrum auctions. A combinatorial auction is any auction for the simultaneous sale of more than one item where bidders can place bids on an "all-or-nothing" basis on "packages" rather than just individual items. That is, a bidder can specify that they will pay for items A and
items (W, X, Y and Z), if Bidder A offers $50 for items W & Y, Bidder B offers $30 for items W & X, Bidder C offers $5 for items X & Z and Bidder D offers $30 for items Y & Z, the winners will be Bidders B & D while Bidder A misses out because the combined bids of Bidders B & D is higher ($60) than for Bidders A and C ($55). Deferred-acceptance auction is a
items are to be included in the auction, registering bidders, taking payments, and delivering the goods to the winning bidders). Auctioneer – the person conducting the actual auction. They announce the rules of the auction and the items being auctioned, call and acknowledge bids made, and announce the winner. The auctioneer can sometimes just be the owner of the business, in which case they may hire a bid caller/s to announce the rules and call bids. The auctioneer may operate
items by enabling searches across numerous auctions and employing filters to refine their selections. On the other hand, an alternative perspective suggests that the format of online auctions could also give rise to collusive conduct and other types of market manipulation, potentially skewing the market and diminishing its efficiency. Firstly, online auctions might enable bidders to obscure their identities, such as utilizing pseudonyms or multiple accounts to maintain anonymity. This concealment could simplify collusion without detection. Secondly, online auctions might
its administered Kashmir, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan thanked Iran's Supreme Leader, for his support of Pakistan's position on the Kashmir issue. Since 1987, Pakistan has steadily blocked any Iranian acquisition of nuclear weapons; however, Pakistan has wholeheartedly supported Iran's viewpoint on the issue of its nuclear energy program, maintaining that "Iran has the right to develop its nuclear program within the ambit of NPT." In 1987, Pakistan and Iran signed an agreement on civil nuclear energy cooperation, with Zia-Ul-Haq
its handling of the relief efforts due to a lack of understanding of the magnitude of the disaster. A statement released by eleven political leaders in East Pakistan ten days after the cyclone hit charged the government with "gross neglect, callous and utter indifference". They also accused the president of playing down the magnitude of the problem in news coverage. On 19 November, students held a march in Dacca protesting the slowness of the government's response. Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani,
its marble glowed prominently in the moonlight. These pre-emptive strikes, known as Operation Chengiz Khan, were inspired by the success of Israeli Operation Focus in the Arab–Israeli Six-Day War. Unlike the Israeli attack on Arab airbases in 1967, which involved a large number of Israeli planes, Pakistan flew too few planes to inflict significant damage. In an address to the nation on radio that same evening, Prime Minister Gandhi held that the air strikes were a declaration of war against
its release: 2.7 million copies in the UK and 8.3 million in the US. An illustrated version of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released on 6 October 2015, with illustrations by Jim Kay. The book carries over 100 illustrations and will be followed by illustrated versions of all seven books from the series by the same artist. On 20 November 2015, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in audio book format simultaneously both in the UK
its studio segments via a travelling tent for the first series only, information pertaining its location is briefly described within the first sentence of the short summary for each listed episode of the respective series. As of 13 September 2024, 46 episodes have been released over six series, all of which have been presented by Clarkson, Hammond and May. For the first series, with the exception of the two-part Namibia special, each episode featured studio segments filmed in a makeshift
its user immortality. A centaur named Firenze warns Harry that Voldemort is plotting to steal the Stone to restore his body. When the headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, is lured away from Hogwarts, Harry and his friends fear the theft is imminent and descend through the trapdoor to retrieve the Stone. Various obstacles force Ron and Hermione to remain behind while Harry approaches the Stone. He encounters Professor Quirrell, the Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor, who explains that he serves Voldemort
jabler japper "to yelp, bark" (< OFr japer, OPr jaupar < Gmc *galpōn "to yelp, bark, scream") jappe jappement jardin "garden" ( < OFr < Frk *gardo, gardin- "yard" < Gmc, cf OE ġeard "yard") jardiner jardinier jardinage jardinet jars "male goose, gander" ( < Frk *gard "spine, rod, pivot" < Gmc) jaser "to chatter, prattle" ( < ON gassi "prattler" < Gmc) jaseur jaserie jauger "to gauge" ( < OFr jauge, gauge < Frk *galga, galgo "measuring rod, pole"
joined the cast alongside Ralph Macchio in their respective roles as Mr. Han and Daniel. The studio announced a world-wide open casting call for an actor to star as the movie's iteration of the titular character. Jonathan Entwistle will serve as director from a script written by Rob Lieber, where the plot will involve a teen from China moving to the east coast and beginning to study martial arts. Karen Rosenfelt will produce the film, with principal photography scheduled to
joining the cast. The Karate Kid actors Heller, Rob Garrison (Tommy), Ron Thomas (Bobby), and Tony O'Dell (Jimmy) made guest appearances during this season. In season three, Macchio, Zabka, Maridueña, Mouser, Buchanan, Henggeler, Bertrand, DeCenzo, and Kove returned. Reprising their roles from The Karate Kid and The Karate Kid II in guest appearances during this season were Elisabeth Shue (Ali Mills), Ron Thomas (Bobby), Tamlyn Tomita (Kumiko), Traci Toguchi (Yuna), and Yuji Okumoto (Chozen Toguchi). In season four, Rubio and
journal of the Portuguese explorer Duarte Barbosa. Barbosa's usage was derived from Persian Chīn (چین), which in turn derived from Sanskrit Cīna (चीन). The origin of the Sanskrit word is a matter of debate. Cīna was first used in early Hindu scripture, including the Mahabharata (3rd century BCE–4th century CE) and the Laws of Manu (2nd century BCE–2nd century CE). In 1655, Martino Martini suggested that the word China is derived ultimately from the name of the Qin dynasty (221–206
juncture that accelerated the push for systemic reform across the institutions (Dionyssis G. Dimitrakopoulos, Chapter 9, p. 186), as public perception of the transparency and independence of EU institutions vis-à-vis private interests remained poor (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 2). In 2021, the European Parliament had initially proposed the creation of a strong, independent ethics body equipped with its own investigative and enforcement powers (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, pp. 4-5). Instead, the main EU
just a bunch of brown goddamn Moslems." Then U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, George H. W. Bush, introduced a resolution in the UN Security Council calling for a cease-fire and the withdrawal of armed forces by India and Pakistan. However, it was vetoed by the Soviet Union, and the following days witnessed the use of great pressure on the Soviets from the Nixon-Kissinger duo to get India to withdraw, but to no avail. On 10 December, Nixon ordered Task
kick was missed and the Falcons later won the game. Moore was off the field when he was penalized and the moment became a controversial topic on whether it should have been flagged. Moore finished the 2022 season with 63 receptions for 888 receiving yards and a career-high seven receiving touchdowns, breaking his three-year streak of 1,000-yard receiving seasons. On March 10, 2023, the Panthers agreed to trade Moore and the ninth overall pick in the 2023 NFL draft, as
kill me!" On the first day of rehearsals, Wilson had a panic attack and drove himself to the emergency room at a nearby hospital, but calmed down within hours. His attendance for the rest of the rehearsal dates remained inconsistent, as he would leave prematurely on some days, and on others, skip them entirely. Sahanaja told biographer Mark Dillon, "There's always the question of whether you're forcing Brian to do something he doesn't want to do. But in the end,
killed in the Beni Ali massacre in Algeria. The Independent International Commission on Decommissioning is set up in Northern Ireland, as part of a peace process. August 29 Over 98 (and possibly up to 400) are killed in the Rais massacre in Algeria. Netflix, Inc. is founded as a DVD-by-mail rental service. August 31 – Death of Diana, Princess of Wales: Diana, Princess of Wales, is taken to a hospital after a car accident shortly after midnight, in the Pont
king, queen, jack or ten. Honors/honours, or honor/honour bonus At rubber bridge and Chicago, a scoring bonus. The bonus is 100 points for one hand holding four of the five trump suit honors. The bonus is 150 points for all five trump suit honors, or all four aces in a notrump contract. Honor/honour tricks A method of hand evaluation used in the Culbertson system, which assigns point values to honors and combinations of honors. AK is two honor tricks, AQ
km2), of which 6.81 square miles (17.65 km2) are land and 0.50 square miles (1.29 km2), or 6.79%, are water. As of the census of 2000, there were 7,599 people, 3,036 households, and 1,897 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 1,078.1 inhabitants per square mile (416.3/km2). There were 3,595 housing units at an average density of 510.0 per square mile (196.9/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 38.70% White, 57.43% African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.25%
knighthood. The supporters are a crowned English lion on the dexter (heraldic right), and a chained Scottish unicorn on the sinister (heraldic left). Above the shield is a gold helmet, which has mantling of gold and ermine attached to it. On top of this is the crest, a crown with a crowned lion standing on it. Below the shield is a grassy mound, a type of compartment, on which are thistles, Tudor roses and shamrocks, representing Scotland, England and Ireland
known as "Endless Howell". Follow suit, sometimes simply "follow" To play a card of the same suit as the one that was first led to the trick. Failure to follow suit when one can do so constitutes a revoke. Force to To bid with the intention of causing the bidding to proceed to a particular level. For example: "In this auction, 2♣ forced to game", or "My reverse forced to the three-level." Forcing bid A bid that, by partnership understanding,
known as a sealed-bid second-price auction. This is identical to the sealed first-price auction except that the winning bidder pays the second-highest bid rather than their own. Vickrey auctions are extremely important in auction theory, and commonly used in automated contexts such as real-time bidding for online advertising, but rarely in non-automated contexts. Multiunit auctions sell more than one identical item at a time, rather than having separate auctions for each. This type can be further classified as either a
known as marranzanu. Other names for the instrument include angalarruni, calarruni, gangalarruni, ganghilarruni, mariolu, mariolu di fera, marranzana, and ngannalarruni. Austrian Jew's harp music uses typical Western harmony. The UNESCO has included Austrian Jew's harp playing in its Intangible Cultural Heritage list. In Austria, the instrument is known as Maultrommel (the literal translation is 'mouth drum'). Early representations of Jew's harps have appeared in Western churches since the fourteenth century. The Austrian composer Johann Albrechtsberger—chiefly known today as a teacher
known to be a particularly good boxer. He participated in World War II and fought with the 2nd Field Regiment, Regiment of Artillery in Libya against the Afrika Korps led by German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in 1940. He was captured by German troops and held as a POW in Libya for more than a year. After successfully escaping, he saw military action in the Burma campaign against Japan in 1945 where he was wounded and hospitalised for some time.
knows the bid of any other participant. The highest bidder pays the price they submitted. This type of auction is distinct from the English auction, in that bidders can only submit one bid each. Furthermore, as bidders cannot see the bids of other participants they cannot adjust their own bids accordingly. From the theoretical perspective, this kind of bid process has been argued to be strategically equivalent to the Dutch auction. However, empirical evidence from laboratory experiments has shown that
laborers who had come to work on Henry Flagler's new railroad project, the Florida East Coast Railway. The residents named the small agricultural community Brownsville after farmer William Brown who settled there in 1880s, but another town in North Florida carried the same name. Instead, the community was named after Charlie Gifford, the railroad's stationmaster and Henry T. Gifford's son. The town's first school was built in 1898, but only served white children. In 1901 William Edward Geoffrey, a black
language other than their mother tongue, and more than a tenth (11%) are quadrilingual. Luxembourgish (in Luxembourg) and Turkish (in Cyprus) are the only two national languages that are not official languages of the EU. Catalan, Galician and Basque are not recognised official languages of the EU but have official status in Spain. Therefore, official translations of the treaties are made into them and citizens have the right to correspond with the institutions in these languages. There are about 150
languages. Bengali speakers constituted over 56% of Pakistan's population. The government stand was widely viewed as an attempt to suppress the culture of the eastern wing. The people of East Bengal demanded that their language be given federal status alongside Urdu and English. The Language Movement began in 1948, as civil society protested the removal of Bengali script from currency and stamps, which were in place since the British Raj. The movement reached its climax in 1952, when on 21
large differences, thus making it less likely that the outcome of an entire match will depend on one or a small number of boards. For example a difference of 30 (one overtrick) is worth 1 IMP, but a difference of 680 (say 1100 at one table and 420 at the other table) is worth only 12 IMPs. 2) (Verb) To perform the IMP score conversion. Intervenor The first player on the other side to make a call other than pass
large loss). Another variation of all-pay auction, the top-up auction is primarily used for charity events. Losing bidders must pay the difference between their bid and the next lowest bid. The winning bidder pays the amount bid for the item, without top-up. In a Chinese auction, bidders make sealed bids in advance and their probability of winning grows with the relative size of their bids. In usual auctions like the English one, bids are prices. In Dutch and Japanese auctions,
large penalty: "He went for a number." Often, "telephone number", alluding to the size of that number if regarded as a quantity. (Dating back to the 1930s when UK telephone numbers were only four figures, plus an exchange name!) See also Obligatory 1) Of a finesse: A duck, made in the hope that a high card will fall. For example, declarer holds ♥K432 opposite dummy's ♥Q765. The ♥2 is led to the ♥Q, which wins. Declarer now leads dummy's ♥5
large-handed" potelé potelé "plump" poterie "pottery" potier "a potter" poterie potin "pewter; gossip" potiron "pumpkin" poudingue "pudding" pouf "to puff" poufier poulie "pulley" ( < Gmc, cf OE pullian "to pull") prame (Naut.) "pram" punch "a punch" ( < Eng < Gmc) Quaker "a Quaker" ( < Eng < Gmc) quartz "quartz" ( < Germ Quarz) quartzeux quenotte "a child's tooth, baby-tooth" ( < OFr quenne < ON kenna < Gmc, cf Icel kenna) quiche "quiche" ( < Germ Küche
larger bid than minimum, to discourage other bidders from bidding). Paddle – a numbered instrument used to place a bid Protecting a market – when a dealer places a bid on behalf of an artist they represent or otherwise have a financial interest in ensuring a high price. Artists represented by major galleries typically expect this kind of protection from their dealers. Proxy bid (also called an absentee bid) – a bid placed by an authorized representative of a bidder
larger bonuses and penalties apply to one, both or neither pair on that deal. 2) (Rubber bridge) Having won one game. Waiting bid A bid that enables the bidder to obtain more information before making a commitment. For example, some players use 2♦ over a 2♣ forcing opening bid as a waiting bid rather than as a negative response. Waive To condone an irregularity. In duplicate bridge, a waiver is an improper action. Wash (Slang) Push. Wasted values Duplicated values.
larger number were serving in paramilitary units. The remaining prisoners were civilians who were either family members of the military personnel or volunteers (razakars). The Hamoodur Rahman Commission and the POW Investigation Commission reports instituted by Pakistan lists the Pakistani POWs as given in the table below. Apart from soldiers, it was estimated that 15,000 Bengali civilians were also made prisoners of war. The Soviet Union sympathised with the East Pakistanis, and supported the Indian Army and Mukti Bahini's incursion
largest commodity importer, accounting for roughly 45% of maritime's dry-bulk market. China's foreign exchange reserves reached US$3.246 trillion as of March 2024, making its reserves by far the world's largest. In 2022, China was amongst the world's largest recipient of inward foreign direct investment (FDI), attracting $180 billion, though most of these were speculated to be from Hong Kong. China also invests abroad, with a total outward FDI of $147.9 billion in 2023. The Chinese government has promoted the internationalization
largest development plans in modern history. It expanded significantly over the next six years and, as of April 2020, included 138 countries and 30 international organizations. In addition to intensifying foreign policy relations, the focus is particularly on building efficient transport routes, especially the maritime Silk Road with its connections to East Africa and Europe. However many loans made under the program are unsustainable and China has faced a number of calls for debt relief from debtor nations. The People's
late. They might pass away, and you might not get that chance to say thanks or understand why you did those things. But when you become a man, you understand why." When Wilson was 12 years old, his father was diagnosed with cancer. His father fought the disease for five years before dying while Wilson was attending Londonderry High School; Wilson today says he had to become a man when his father was diagnosed. In a 2011 story, ESPN.com writer
latinae exercitio (Exercise in the Latin language) of 1539 features a dialogue on card games in which the characters play 'Triumphus hispanicus' (Spanish Triumph). Bridge departed from whist with the creation of "Biritch" in the 19th century and evolved through the late 19th and early 20th centuries to form the present game. The first known rule book for bridge, dated 1886, is Biritch, or Russian Whist written by John Collinson, an English financier working in Ottoman Constantinople. It and his
latter raided the port of Karachi twice, but the PAF did retaliate by bombing Okha harbour, destroying the fuel tanks used by the boats that had attacked. In the east, No. 14 Squadron "Tail Choppers" was destroyed and its CO, Squadron Leader PQ Mehdi, was taken POW, putting Pakistan's air command in Dhaka out of commission. India thereby achieved total air superiority on the eastern front. At the end of the war, PAF pilots made successful escapes from East Pakistan
launched in the United States. October 2 – A riot breaks out in the Carandiru Penitentiary in São Paulo, Brazil, resulting in the Carandiru massacre. October 3 – After performing a song protesting against alleged Catholic Church child sexual abuse, Irish singer-songwriter Sinéad O'Connor rips up a photograph of Pope John Paul II on the US television programme Saturday Night Live, causing huge controversy. October 4 The government of Mozambique signs the Rome General Peace Accords with leaders of RENAMO,
law on 25 March 1969. Yahya took over as President of Pakistan, and in recognition of his loyalty and leadership, Lt. Gen. Khan was appointed to multiple roles. After martial law was imposed by General Yahya Khan on 25 March 1969, Lt Gen Hamid Khan was made the Chief of Staff (COS) of the Pakistan Army and Deputy Martial Law Administrator (DMLA) of the country. During that time he briefly held the cabinet portfolio of Home Affairs for four months.
lawlessness". He summarized his discussions with Mayor Bradley and Governor Wilson and outlined the federal assistance he was making available to local authorities. Citing the "urgent need to restore order", he warned that the "brutality of a mob" would not be tolerated, and he would "use whatever force is necessary". He referred to the Rodney King case, describing talking to his own grandchildren and noting the actions of "good and decent policemen" as well as civil rights leaders. He said
laws of rubber bridge (contract) and duplicate bridge is that rubber players are expected to deal with irregularities themselves while duplicate players are expected to call the director. Laydown A contract that can be made on any rational line of play. Lead 1) The first card played to a trick, which dictates the suit that others must play if able to do so (see follow suit). 2) The hand that is entitled to lead to the next trick is said
layout of the cards when just a few tricks remain to be played. In a "four-card ending", each player has four cards left. Such positions can be of special interest because squeezes and other endplays tend to occur near the end of the play. Endplay A play which forces a particular opponent to win a trick, so that that opponent must then make a favorable lead. That player is said to be "endplayed". Normally, the player who is endplayed is
lead artist and lead animator, respectively. Guy Miller and Simon Phipps wrote and edited the script and dialogue, while Jeremy Soule composed the music. The soundtrack was released digitally in 2006. The PlayStation version, along with the Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance versions, was designed with input from Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling and the producers of the film adaptation to ensure that all three versions shared a consistent presentation. The PlayStation version was released with the other
lead that instigates an active defense; often, the lead of an honor from a sequence, or a forcing defense. Attitude A defender's desire, or lack thereof, for his side to continue playing a suit. By means of signals, defender encourages or discourages the continuation of the suit. Auction See bidding. Auction bridge, an earlier form of bridge, differing from today's contract bridge chiefly in the scoring. Most notably, overtricks counted the same as tricks bid and made, so they were
leans toward a three-hanky weeper about marriage. It is less than it was, like the monarchy itself, and of interest to monarchy fans only." Alan Sepinwall of Uproxx added "Many of the season's wounds are self-inflicted" and that Philip "still comes across as a whiny man-child". Phil Owen of The Wrap described the season as "trashy" and saw dry comedy in Northam's portrayal of Eden: "I'm assuming that creator Peter Morgan meant for it to be comedy. There's really no
least 1,567 were killed and 2,300 were injured. May 11 – IBM's Deep Blue defeats Garry Kasparov in the last game of the rematch, the first time a computer beats a chess World champion in a match. May 12 The Russia–Chechnya Peace Treaty is signed. An F1-rated tornado strikes downtown Miami, causing $525,000 in damages. Pictures and videos of this tornado made news headlines around the world. May 15 – The United States government acknowledges existence of the "Secret War"
least 28 people and wounding nearly 200. President of Tajikistan Rahmon Nabiyev is forced to resign following weeks of clan and religious warfare that have left nearly 2,000 people dead. September 12 – In Peru, police arrest Abimael Guzmán, the leader of the Shining Path guerilla movement, who has evaded capture for 12 years. September 16 – Black Wednesday: The pound sterling and the Italian lira are forced out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism. September 20 – French voters
least four times a year and comprises the president of the European Council (presently António Costa), the president of the European Commission and one representative per member state (either its head of state or head of government). The high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy (presently Kaja Kallas) also takes part in its meetings. Described by some as the union's "supreme political leadership", it is actively involved in the negotiation of treaty changes and defines the
leave" < Frk *lagjan "to lay") laisse laissé-courre laissé-pour-compte laissées laisser-aller laisser-courir laisser-courre laisser-faire laisser-passer laisses laissez-aller laissez-faire laissez-passer lamaneur "pilot" ( < OFr laman, lomant < MDu lootsman < Gmc) lambeau "scrap" lambel "scrap, shred" lambourde "tie bar, joist" lambrequin (Archit.) "a scallop" lampas "lampas" lamper "to guzzle" lampée lande "waste land, heath" lansquenet "lansquenet" ( < Germ Landsknecht "lands-knight" < Gmc) laper "to lap" lapereau "bunny rabbit" ( < lapriel < lap-, probably of Gmc origin, cf Frk
led by the aircraft carrier HMS Eagle to the Bay, on her final deployment. On 6 and 13 December, the Soviet Navy dispatched two groups of cruisers and destroyers from Vladivostok; they trailed US Task Force 74 into the Indian Ocean from 18 December 1971 until 7 January 1972. The Soviets also had a nuclear submarine to help ward off the threat posed by the USS Enterprise task force in the Indian Ocean. As the war progressed, it became apparent
led through; or, that player's statement. Irregularity A breach of procedure, as described in the Laws and Proprieties, in bidding or play. If one is available, a director should be called to the table to make a ruling. Isolate (Said of a menace card) To isolate a menace in squeeze play is to arrange that only one opponent can guard one of declarer's threat suits. The play is conceptually similar to transferring a control. Jacoby transfer, or Jacoby, or "transfers"
led). In such circumstances the order in which a defender plays his spot cards will indicate whether an even or odd number of cards was originally held in that suit. This can help the other defender count out the entire original distribution of the cards in that suit. It is sometimes critical to know this when defending. Discards cover the situation when a defender cannot follow suit and therefore has free choice what card to play or throw away. In
led. Ruff and discard The lead of a suit in which both opponents are void, so that one opponent can ruff while the other discards (or sluffs). A ruff and discard is usually damaging to the side that leads to the trick. Also, ruff and sluff or ruff and slough. Ruff out To establish a suit by ruffing one or more of its low cards. Rule of Eight Devised by Ely Culbertson. "The total of defensive honor-tricks that will be
left him reliant on a walker. Later in the year, he postponed some concert dates due to worsening mental health. The next month, his social media declared that he had recovered and would resume touring. Pausing his tours due to the COVID-19 pandemic, he again resumed touring in August 2021. In November, two releases followed: At My Piano, consisting of new instrumental piano recordings of his songs, and the soundtrack to Brian Wilson: Long Promised Road, which includes both new
left to give the Giants the lead, 37-34. On September 28, during a home game at MetLife Stadium, which the Giants won 21–18 against the Los Angeles Chargers, Nabers landed awkwardly on his right knee while attempting to catch a deep pass from quarterback Jaxson Dart. An MRI later confirmed that he suffered a torn right ACL, officially ending his sophomore season. Source: Most games with 5 or more receptions as a rookie: 14 games Youngest WR with multiple touchdowns
left, to be auctioned off. Slaves, often captured as the "spoils of war", were auctioned in the Forum under the sign of the spear, with the proceeds of sale going toward the war effort. The Romans also used auctions to liquidate the assets of debtors whose property had been confiscated. For example, Marcus Aurelius sold household furniture to pay off debts, the sales lasting for months. One of the most significant historical auctions was in 193 AD, when the entire
legal disputes. In certain fields, members have awarded exclusive competence and exclusive mandate to the union. These are areas in which member states have entirely renounced their own capacity to enact legislation. In other areas, the EU and its member states share the competence to legislate. While both can legislate, the member states can only legislate to the extent to which the EU has not. In other policy areas, the EU can only co-ordinate, support and supplement member state action
legal raise. For example, 1♥ – 3♥ or 1♦ – 1♥; 3♥ Jump rebid A rebid of one's original suit, one level higher than necessary, usually showing a six-card suit: for example, 1♦ – 1♥; 3♦. The range of strength shown by a jump rebid is a matter of partnership agreement: some treat it as a one-round force, others (particularly if playing Kaplan–Sheinwold and the rebid suit is a minor) play it as only a little weaker than a game-forcing
legalist institutions and policies continued to be employed by the Han government and its successors. After the end of the Han dynasty, a period of strife known as Three Kingdoms followed, at the end of which Wei was swiftly overthrown by the Jin dynasty. The Jin fell to civil war upon the ascension of the developmentally disabled Emperor Hui; the Five Barbarians then rebelled and ruled northern China as the Sixteen States. The Xianbei unified them as the Northern Wei,
legislation favourable to their members or to workers in general. As well, unions in some countries are closely aligned with political parties. Many Labour parties were founded as the electoral arms of trade unions. Unions are also delineated by the service model and the organizing model. The service model union focuses more on maintaining worker rights, providing services, and resolving disputes. Alternately, the organizing model typically involves full-time union organizers, who work by building up confidence, strong networks, and leaders
legislatively. Arizona, admitted to statehood in 1912, chose its first two senators by advisory popular vote. Alaska, and Hawaii, admitted to statehood in 1959, have never chosen a U.S. senator legislatively. The first election subject to the Seventeenth Amendment was a late election in Georgia held June 15, 1913. Augustus Octavius Bacon was however unopposed. The first direct elections to the Senate following the Seventeenth Amendment being adopted were: In Maryland on November 4, 1913: a class 1 special election
legislatures would deal with the matter by holding "one vote at the beginning of the day—then the legislators would continue with their normal affairs". Eventually, legislative elections held in a state's Senate election years were perceived to have become so dominated by the business of picking senators that the state's choice for senator distracted the electorate from all other pertinent issues. Senator John H. Mitchell noted that the Senate became the "vital issue" in all legislative campaigns, with the policy
legs. Sergeant Koon later testified at trial that King resisted arrest and that he believed King was under the influence of PCP at the time of the arrest, causing him to be aggressive and violent toward the officers. Video footage of the arrest showed that King attempted to get up each time he was struck and that the police made no attempt to cuff him until he lay still. A subsequent test of King for the presence of PCP in
less trusted body than state legislatures, and moving the responsibility for the election of senators to them would see it passing into the hands of a body that "[lasted] but a day" before changing. Other counterarguments were that renowned senators could not have been elected directly and that, since a large number of senators had experience in the House (which was already directly elected), a constitutional amendment would be pointless. The reform was considered by opponents to threaten the rights
less, under control as areas became quiet. Later that night, Army National Guard soldiers shot and killed a motorist who tried to run them over at a barrier. In another incident, the LAPD and Marines intervened in a domestic dispute in Compton, in which the suspect held his wife and children hostage. As the officers approached, the suspect fired two shotgun rounds through the door, injuring some of the officers. One of the officers yelled to the Marines, "Cover me",
lessons Miyagi has taught him to strengthen his relationship with Ali. On Daniel's 18th birthday, Miyagi gives Daniel a Karate gi for the tournament and one of his classic cars. At the tournament, Daniel surprises the audience and competitors by reaching the semi-finals. Johnny advances to the finals after scoring three unanswered points against Darryl Vidal. Kreese instructs his second-best student, Bobby, one of his more compassionate students and the least vicious of Daniel's tormentors, to disable Daniel with an
lessons imparted in the movie if you will. It's next generation Karate Kid." Several trailers for the show were released from February to March, before the premiere date was revealed to be May 2. YouTube Premium released a six-minute commercial parodying ESPN's 30 for 30 in April 2019, featuring the main cast members and select ESPN personalities analyzing the 1984 match between Daniel and Johnny. It was nominated for a Clio Award. The series held its world premiere on April
level as advancer's bid. So, equal level conversion means that in the sequence 1♠ – (Dbl) – P – (2♦); P – (2♥), 2♥ is considered non-forcing. Equals Cards in one hand that are adjacent in rank and thus have equal trick-taking power. Escape suit A long suit to which a bidder can escape if necessary or desirable. The bidder of a comic notrump might run to his long suit if doubled. Establish To make winners of the remaining cards
level as well as the trump suit or no trump – wins the contract for their partnership. In the example auction below, the east–west pair secures the contract of 6♠; the auction concludes when there have been three successive passes. Note that six tricks are added to stated contract values, so the six-level contract is a contract of twelve tricks. In practice, estimating a good contract without information about one's partner's hand is difficult, so there exist many bidding systems
level: for example, 1♥ – (2♠). In the 1930s, jump overcalls were treated as strong bids. They are now more frequently treated as weak, preemptive bids. Jump preference A preference to partner's first-bid suit, made at a level higher than the minimally legal level. In the following sequence, 3♥ is a jump preference: 1♥ – 1♠; 2♦ – 3♥. For many years, the jump preference was treated as invitational except in support of opener's minor, when it was treated as
levels being controlled by the CCP by law. The NPC is dominated by the CCP, with another eight minor parties having nominal representation under the condition of upholding CCP leadership. The NPC elects the president, who is the ceremonial state representative. The incumbent president is Xi Jinping, who is also the general secretary of the CCP and the chairman of the Central Military Commission, making him China's paramount leader and supreme commander of the armed forces. The premier is the
life unfolded from there. Apart from the first chapter, the events of this book take place just before and in the year following Harry's eleventh birthday. Voldemort's attack left a lightning bolt-shaped scar on Harry's forehead, which produces stabbing pains whenever Voldemort is present. Harry has a natural talent for Quidditch and became the first person in a century to get on their team in their first year. Ron Weasley is Harry's age, and Rowling describes him as the ultimate
lifestyle, whether shown in conformation rings, working in agility trials, or just a great companion for home or farm. Their size makes them suitable for apartment living, as well. Today, the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is gaining a solid following and becoming a popular household companion.(Source AKC) Less common problems may include allergies, bite problems (malocclusions), hip dysplasia, elbow dysplasia, and subluxating patella, as these are problems that appear in the related Rat Terrier. Ectopia lentis, a congenital condition, also affects
lights depend on the position of the last bid in the distribution of all bids. A buyout auction is an auction with an additional set price (the 'buyout' price) that any bidder can accept at any time during the auction, thereby immediately ending the auction and winning the item. This means that if an item offers its buyout price at the beginning, one participant can stop all other potential participants from bidding at all, or stop the bidding process before
like an obligatory finesse, cannot lose and might gain. An example is the play of the card that one is known to hold (for example, the play of a queen after it has been successfully finessed). Odd Specifying a level. To make 4♥ is to make four-odd. Odd–even discards A defensive carding scheme under which the play of an odd-numbered card is encouraging and that of an even-numbered card is discouraging. The rank of the card may be used to
like attending classes or meeting characters that would resonate with fans. However, Miller strongly disagreed, calling the environments bland, lifeless, and failing to capture Hogwarts' vibrant, magical essence due to PlayStation limitations. The gameplay was widely criticized as simplistic, repetitive, and lacking depth, particularly for older players. Reviewers described the platforming, puzzles, and minigames as cliché or dull. Helgeson and Villoria heavily criticized the auto-jump mechanic for removing challenge, though Rybicki praised it for reducing frustration. Conrad was an outlier,
like the Korean American Coalition. A week after the riots, in the largest Asian American protest ever held in a city, about 30,000 mostly-Korean and Korean American marchers walked the streets of LA Koreatown, calling for peace and denouncing violence. This cultural movement was devoted to the protection of Koreans' political rights, ethnic heritage, and political representation. New leaders arose within the community, and second-generation children spoke on behalf of the community. Korean Americans began to have different occupation goals,
likely continue the show with new presenters set to replace him, Clarkson and May. In May 2025, The Sun newspaper reported YouTubers James Engelsman and Thomas Holland, and social media personality Francis Bourgeois were the show's new presenting line-up. The new line-up was officially confirmed on 5 February 2026 in a video by Clarkson, with a new series set to premiere in 2026. As of November 2016 the show has received positive reviews from critics, with The Guardian saying "Jeremy
limited to lower numbers than the total amount. Therefore, only a portion of the total amount will be traded for the best price and the rest to the suboptimal prices. In an English auction, all current bids are visible to all bidders and in a sealed-bid auction, bidders only get to know if their bid was the best. Best/not best auctions are sealed-bid auctions with multiple bids, where the bidders submit their prices like in English auction and get responses
limits. The next major loosening of the policy was enacted in December 2013, allowing families to have two children if one parent is an only child. In 2016, the one-child policy was replaced in favor of a two-child policy. A three-child policy was announced in May 2021, due to population aging, and in July 2021, all family size limits as well as penalties for exceeding them were removed. According to one group of scholars, one-child limits had little effect on
line between a well-known convention and a part of a system is not always clear-cut: some bidding systems include specified conventions by default. Bidding systems can be divided into mainly natural systems such as Acol and Standard American, and mainly artificial systems such as the Precision Club and Polish Club. Calls are usually considered to be either natural or conventional (artificial). A natural call carries a meaning that reflects the call; a natural bid intuitively showing hand or suit strength
line" < Gmc, cf ON & OE sund "water, sea") sonde sondage sondeur sondeur "leadsman" souhait "a wish" souhaiter "to wish" souhait souhaitable souille ( < OFr souil "quagmire, marsh" < Frk *saulja "wallow, mire" < Gmc, cf OE syle "wallow, miry-place") souiller "to sully" ( < OFr soillier, souillier "to wallow in mire" < Frk *sulljan, *sauljan < Gmc, cf OE solian, sylian "to soil", Dan søle "to soil") soupe "soup" souper soupière souper "to sup" souper soupé soupeur
line). 2) On a given hand, the play strategy that is adopted by declarer or by the defenders. 3) Bidding: See Up the line and Down the line. Lock 1) (Noun) A contract that is certain to succeed. 2) (Verb) To force a particular hand onto lead such that it cannot relinquish the lead unscathed. LOL Little Old Lady (pronounced El-Oh-El). A facetious reference to a seemingly weak player. Long cards Cards of the same suit, remaining in one hand,
line. Having won a game, East-West are vulnerable for all subsequent deals of the rubber meaning that they are now eligible for a larger rubber bonus if they win a second game before their opponents win one and they are susceptible to increased penalties if they are defeated in a contract. Deal 3: West bids 5♣ and goes down 2, vulnerable, undoubled. This scores 200 penalty points for North-South above the line. Deal 4: South bids 4♠ doubled, not vulnerable
little in retaliation, partly because of the paucity of non-Bengali technical personnel. This lack of retaliation has also been attributed to the deliberate decision of the PAF's AHQ to cut its losses, as it had already incurred huge losses in the conflict in the liberation war in the East. The PAF avoided making contacts with the Indian Navy after the latter raided the port of Karachi twice, but the PAF did retaliate by bombing Okha harbour, destroying the fuel tanks
location and usually involving both pairs and teams events, typically lasting one or two days but sometimes as many as ten. The more usual North American term is tournament. Constructive Bidding that is aimed at reaching a side's optimum contract, as distinct from calls intended to interfere with the opponents' bidding. Constructive raise: by partnership agreement, a single raise of a major suit opening that shows more strength than usual. Contract The statement of the pair who has won the
logis logement logette logeable loger "to lodge" logeur déloger logis "a dwelling" lombes "loins" ( < Lat lumbus < Gmc *lundiz, landwin-, cf ON, lund, Frk *lendin "loins", OHG lentin, OE lendenu "loins" ) lombaire lopin "bit, piece" loque "rag" loquet "locket" lorgner "to ogle" lorgnon lorgnette lorgneur losange "lozenge" ( < OFr losenge < Frk *lausinga "flattery, fraud" < Gmc, cf OE lēasung "leasing") lot "lot, portion" lotir loterie loterie "lottery" lotir "to lot, apportion" loti lotissement loto "loto"
logo by the Parliament of Victoria and the Western Australian Legislative Council. It is also used by several state and federal courts, including: The seal of the Supreme Court of South Australia The Supreme Court of Victoria The Supreme Court of Tasmania The High Court of Australia, depicted alongside the Commonwealth Coat of Arms at the building's entrance Court rooms in New South Wales where the royal arms may not be removed for practical or heritage reasons The current royal
long spade suit of reasonable quality and 10 high card points (an overcall can be made on a hand that is not quite strong enough for an opening bid). North supports partner's suit with 2♥, showing heart support and about 6–8 points. East supports spades with 2♠. South inserts a game try of 3♣, inviting the partner to bid the game of 4♥ with good club support and overall values. North complies, as North is at the higher end of
longer: the Bermuda Bowl was contested in one long match between representatives of Europe and North America from 1951 (the second rendition) to 1957; in a three-team round robin including the champion of South America for 1958. From 2005 to present, there are 22 teams in zonally organized world championship tournaments. See Senior Bowl: Structure and Zones and nations. Zonal organizations mediate between the world and national levels in some respects. In Zone 1 for instance, the European Bridge League
losers are vulnerable, 700 if they are not. Rubber bridge The original form of contract bridge, a contest with four players in two opposing pairs (as distinct from duplicate bridge, which requires a minimum of eight players). Rubens advances Transfer advances of overcalls. See Useful Space Principle. Ruff To play a trump on a trick when a plain suit was led. Ruff and discard The lead of a suit in which both opponents are void, so that one opponent can
losing two matches, and repechage, in which one-match losers drop into a secondary event from which some number of top performers return to the primary event. Knockout squeeze A type of squeeze that operates in part against the defender's trump holding, when the defender threatens to win a plain suit trick and then lead a trump, thus reducing declarer's ruffing tricks. It is usual to call this play a knockout squeeze when the squeezed defender is second to play to
loss of armoured vehicles was similarly imbalanced and this finally represented a defeat for Pakistan. The Indian Army's improved performance following its defeat in the Sino-Indian War in 1962 boosted its morale and prestige. Navy NHQ staffers and commanders of the Pakistan Navy knew very well that unlike the 1965 war, the Navy was ill-prepared for the naval conflict with India. The Pakistan Navy was in no condition to fight an offensive war in deep water against the Indian Navy,
loss to the Cincinnati Bengals. In the 49ers' regular season finale against the Atlanta Falcons, he had six receptions for 143 yards in the 34–29 defeat. Rice finished the 1999 season with 67 receptions for 830 yards and five touchdowns. The season was the first that Rice failed to reach 1,000 yards receiving while playing in all 16 games. San Francisco struggled as a whole, going 4–12 and missing the postseason, losing 11 out of their last 12 games after
losses, and some Libyan F-5s were reportedly deployed to Sargodha AFB, perhaps as a potential training unit to prepare Pakistani pilots for an influx of more F-5s from Saudi Arabia. In addition to these three countries, an unidentified Middle Eastern ally also supplied Pakistan with Mirage IIIs. Despite not having diplomatic relations at the time, Israel supplied India with armaments, ammunition, intelligence and training ahead of its intervention in East Pakistan, which has been described as a "surprising minor success"
lot bid include "choice" and "times the money" (see definitions for each). Example: An auction has five bath fragrance gift baskets where bidding is "lot", and the hammer price is $5. The winner must pay $5 (as the price is for the whole lot) and must take all five baskets. Maiden bid – a single bid which wins the lot being offered for sale, with no other bids made. Minimum bid – the smallest opening bid that will be accepted.
lot will fetch. In an ascending open auction, it is considered important to get at least a 50-percent increase in the bids from start to finish. To accomplish this, the auctioneer must start the auction by announcing a suggested opening bid (SOB) that is low enough to be immediately accepted by one of the bidders. Once there is an opening bid, there will quickly be several other, higher bids submitted. Experienced auctioneers will often select an SOB that is about
lower caste people December 3 – In Ottawa (Canada) representatives from 121 countries sign a treaty prohibiting the manufacture and deployment of anti-personnel land mines. However, the United States, the People's Republic of China, Russia, South Korea and 32 other nations do not ratify the treaty. December 10 – The capital of Kazakhstan is moved from Almaty to Astana. December 11 – The Kyoto Protocol is adopted by a United Nations committee. December 15 – Microsoft releases Windows 98 Beta
lower in 2020 by at least 20 per cent compared to 1990 levels. In 2017, the EU emitted 9.1 per cent of global greenhouse-gas emissions. The European Union claims that already in 2018, its GHG emissions were 23% lower than in 1990. The EU has adopted an emissions trading system to incorporate carbon emissions into the economy. The European Green Capital is an annual award given to cities that focuses on the environment, energy efficiency, and quality of life in
loyal to Pakistan. The remaining 10,324 to 12,500 prisoners were civilians, either family members of the military personnel or collaborators (Razakars). It is estimated that members of the Pakistani military and supporting pro-Pakistani Islamist militias killed between 300,000 and 3,000,000 civilians in Bangladesh. As a result of the conflict, a further eight to ten million people fled the country to seek refuge in India. During the war, members of the Pakistani military and supporting pro-Pakistani Islamist militias called the Razakars
lécheur léchonner léchefroie lège (Naut.) "light in weight or occupancy" lest "ballast" lester leste "brisk" lester "to ballast" lesteur lestage let (tennis term < Eng let < Gmc) Lètes "Laeti" leude "a leud" leurre "a lure, decoy" leurrer lice "lists, tiltyard" lie "dregs, lye of wine" lige "liege" lingot "ingot" lingotière lippe "lip, pout" lippée lippu lippée "a mouthful, a meal" lippu "thick-lipped" liseré "edging, bordering, trim" lisière "edge" liseré liste "list" lisière listeau liteau liston listel listeau "blue strap"
machines would generally be sold in bulk lots. Environmental auctions, in which companies bid for licenses to avoid being required to decrease their environmental impact. These include auctions in emissions trading schemes. Katehakis and Puranam provided the first model for the problem of optimal bidding for a firm that in each period procures items to meet a random demand by participating in a finite sequence of auctions. In this model an item valuation derives from the sale of the acquired
made his second appearance of the season to get the save for the Giants. He walked in a run to make it 4–2, but retired Marco Scutaro with the bases loaded to earn the save. He injured his elbow during the game and underwent Tommy John surgery for the second time in his career on April 19, causing him to miss the remainder of the season. During his injury shortened season, Wilson made only 2 appearances with an ERA of
made into them and citizens have the right to correspond with the institutions in these languages. There are about 150 regional and minority languages in the EU, spoken by up to 50 million people. The European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages ratified by most EU states provides general guidelines that states can follow to protect their linguistic heritage. The European Day of Languages is held annually on 26 September and is aimed at encouraging language learning across Europe. The
made landfall on the East Pakistan coastline during the evening of 12 November, around the same time as a local high tide, killing an estimated 300,000 people. A 2017 World Meteorological Organization panel considers it the deadliest tropical cyclone since at least 1873. A week after the landfall, President Khan conceded that his government had made "slips" and "mistakes" in its handling of the relief efforts due to a lack of understanding of the magnitude of the disaster. A statement
made under them. In front of A card or holding that is to the right of or under another. To say that the ♠A is in front of the ♠K is to say that the ace is to the right of the king, or under it, and normally cannot capture the ♠K if it is guarded. Insufficient bid A bid that is not higher than the immediately preceding bid, and is therefore illegal. Insult (Slang) The bonus for making a
made urgent appeals to the United Nations to intervene and force India to agree to a ceasefire. The UN Security Council assembled on 4 December 1971 to discuss the hostilities in South Asia. After lengthy discussions on 7 December, the United States made a resolution for "immediate cease-fire and withdrawal of troops". While supported by the majority, the USSR vetoed the resolution twice. In light of the Pakistani atrocities against Bengalis, the United Kingdom and France abstained on the resolution.
magazine reports that "Cinco de Mayo started to come into vogue in 1940s America during the rise of the Chicano Movement." The holiday crossed over from California into the rest of the United States in the 1950s and 1960s but did not gain popularity until the 1980s when marketers, especially beer companies, capitalized on the celebratory nature of the day and began to promote it. It grew in popularity and evolved into a celebration of Mexican culture and heritage, first
main EU institutions. It cannot take over decision-making powers for individual disciplinary cases (Julio Baquero Cruz, Chapter 5, p. 98; Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 6). Consequently, it does not replace existing ethical authorities but merely aims at complementing them, and its creation explicitly does not encroach upon the investigative competences of the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) or the European Ombudsman (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 10; M. Martínez Navarro, Le Médiateur européen, p.
main phase of Operation Searchlight ended with the fall of the last major town in Bengali hands in mid-May. The operation also began the Bangladesh genocide. These systematic killings served only to enrage the Bengalis, resulting in East Pakistan's secession later that year. Bangladeshi media and reference books in English have published casualty figures that vary greatly, from 5,000 to 35,000 in Dacca, and 300,000 to 3,000,000 for Bangladesh as a whole. Independent researchers, including the British Medical Journal, have
majors An agreement that an opening bid of 1♥ or 1♠ promises at least four cards in the suit bid. The usual alternative is five-card majors. The four-card major agreement was standard during the first four decades of contract bridge, but has since given way to five-card majors in most "standard" systems such as 2/1 game forcing and Standard American. It is used in Acol, the Blue Team Club and EHAA. Four-deal bridge See Chicago. Fourth A player needed to
majors open a minor suit with 4-card majors and then bid their major suit at the next opportunity. This means that an opening bid of 1♣ or 1♦ will sometimes be made with only 3 cards in that suit. Doubles are sometimes given conventional meanings in otherwise mostly natural systems. A natural, or penalty double, is one used to try to gain extra points when the defenders are confident of setting (defeating) the contract. The most common example of a
make, even against the best defense on any lie of the cards, is cold. Colors first A bidding approach where players indicate suits (denominations) before showing high card strength. For example, natural suit overcalls and natural one-level suit opening bids are usually "colors first". Natural notrump opening bids and natural notrump overcalls usually show strength rather than suits. A Michaels cue bid is usually "colors first", but a takeout double is usually more "values first". Combination Suit combination. A combination
make, or to push the opponents a level too high. If the opponents bid over a bar bid raise, the partner who made the bar bid may intend to pass, double for penalty, preempt, or raise again to push the opponents. Hence, the reason that partner is barred. The partner who made the bar bid may be ″operating.” None of the other three players can know the intent of the player who made the bar bid. Thus, the partner must
making it the third longest run in Broadway history. The Scarlet Pimpernel – Broadway production opened at the Neil Simon Theatre and ran for 772 performances Side Show – Broadway production opened at the Richard Rodgers Theatre and ran for 91 performances Snow.Wolf.Lake – Hong Kong's first modern musical opened at the Hong Kong Coliseum and ran for 42 performances Steel Pier – Broadway production opened at the Richard Rodgers Theatre and ran for 76 performances Street Corner Symphony –
management of the environment, understand and mitigate the effects of climate change, and ensure civil security. The Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) is the agricultural policy of the European Union. It implements a system of agricultural subsidies and other programmes. It was introduced in 1962 and has since then undergone several changes to reduce the EEC budget cost (from 73% in 1985 to 37% in 2017) and consider rural development in its aims. It has, however, been criticised on the grounds
manic-depressive psychosis, when he was a patient at Brotzman Memorial Hospital in 1978. Landy, in 1976, had initially refuted such a diagnosis, suggesting Wilson's main issue was "being scared". In 1984, doctors again misdiagnosed Wilson with schizophrenia, also finding evidence of brain damage caused by drug use. In the late 1980s, he developed facial tics (tardive dyskinesia) that resulted from the medication administered under Landy. Therapist Peter Reum stated that Wilson would have deteriorated into a "drooling, palsied mental patient",
manifested as a face on the back of Quirrell's head and tries to kill Harry for the Stone, but the final battle ends with Voldemort's defeat. Harry awakes in the school's infirmary, where Dumbledore discloses that the Philosopher's Stone has been destroyed, but shares Harry's concern that its loss will not prevent Voldemort's return. At the school's end-of-year banquet, Dumbledore announces that Harry's acts of nerve and courage have won Gryffindor enough points to win them the House Cup. On
manipulate the auction result, a practice known as collusion or more specially bid-rigging. By agreeing to bid only against outsiders, never against members of the "ring", competition becomes weaker, which may dramatically affect the final price level. After the end of the official auction, an unofficial auction may take place among the "ring" members. The difference in price between the two auctions could then be split among the members. This form of a ring was used as a central plot
mansion in Beverly Hills for a home on Sunset Boulevard, where his alcoholism worsened. After attacking his doctor, he was institutionalized at Brotzman Memorial Hospital—initially admitted in November 1978 for three months, discharged for one month, then readmitted. In January 1979, while hospitalized, his caregivers Stan Love and Rocky Pamplin were dismissed. Wilson was released in March. He rented a house in Santa Monica and was cared for by a psychiatric nursing team. Later, he purchased a home in Pacific
many applications, including the creation of a ruffing position for declarer, the avoidance of overruffs by the defense, and interference with the opponents' communications. LROB Limit Raise Or Better. Example: "1H-2NT = Heart-support, LROB." Losing trick count (LTC) A method of hand evaluation based on counting losers. Love No score. "Love all" means that neither side is vulnerable. Low (Adjective) A card that is not expected to take a trick. Low–high signal On defense, to play a higher card, having
many things online, from antiques and collectibles to holidays, air travel, brand new computers, and household equipment. Private electronic markets use combinatorial auction techniques to continuously sell commodities (coal, iron ore, grain, water, etc.) online to a pre-qualified group of buyers (based on price and non-price factors). Furthermore, online auctions facilitate the process for prospective bidders to discover and evaluate items by enabling searches across numerous auctions and employing filters to refine their selections. On the other hand, an alternative
many times he relied on friends for food, stating that the food given to him at Mississippi Valley "were not enough for a growing man". Rice had a record-setting 1983 campaign, including NCAA marks for receptions (102) and receiving yards (1,450). He was named a first-team Division I-AA All-American. He set a single-game NCAA record with 24 receptions against Southern University. He acquired the nickname "World," because of his ability to seemingly catch anything thrown near him. After an August
many years, the jump preference was treated as invitational except in support of opener's minor, when it was treated as forcing. As of 2001, however, most experts treat all three-level jump preference bids as invitational following opener's one-level new-suit rebid: e.g., 1♣ – 1♦; 1♠ – 3♣ Jump raise A raise of partner's suit one level higher than the minimum legal raise. For example, 1♥ – 3♥ or 1♦ – 1♥; 3♥ Jump rebid A rebid of one's original suit,
maps and seals as early as 1562, using of the three harps, one replacing each of the three crowns of the lordship's arms. This appears to have been a creation of the newly established Ulster King of Arms and never captured the popular imagination sufficiently to replace the single Harp arms that was in use from the reign of Henry VIII. Thus, at the funeral cortège of Elizabeth I in 1603 depicted in a manuscript at the British Library, the
maritime neighbors such as Japan, Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia. China has resolved its land borders with 12 out of 14 neighboring countries, having pursued substantial compromises in most of them. China currently has a disputed land border with India and Bhutan. China is additionally involved in maritime disputes with multiple countries over territory in the East and South China Seas, such as the Senkaku Islands, which it refers as the Diaoyu Islands, and the entirety of South China Sea Islands.
markets throughout history until modern times in the post-Gaddafi era Libya. The word for slave auction in the Atlantic slave trade was scramble. A child auction is a Swedish and Finnish historical practice of selling children into slavery-like conditions by authorities using a descending English auction. Fattigauktion is a similar Swedish practice involving poor people being auctioned to church organizations. Trade of wives by auctions was also a common practice throughout history. For instance, in the old English custom of
marks the debut roles of both Zabka and Shue. Late in production, Valerie Harper was considered for the role of Lucille, but the studio later instated Randee Heller for the role. Filming began on October 31, 1983, and finished on December 16. The film's fight choreographer for the combat scenes was Pat E. Johnson, a Tang Soo Do karate black belt who had previously been featured in Bruce Lee's American–Hong Kong martial arts film Enter the Dragon (1973) and worked
marquise marquisat marri "sad" ( < OFr marrir "to sadden" < Frk *marrjan < Gmc, cf OE mierran) marsouin (Zoo.) "porpoise" ( < ON marsvin < Gmc, cf OHG meri-suīn "mere-swine", Dut meerswijn) mash masque "mask" mascara mascarade mascaron masquant masquante masquer masquer masquage masqué massacrer "to massacre" ( < LL massacrium < Frk *matsekern < Gmc, cf LG matsken "to slaughter, massacre", Germ metzgern "to butcher") massacre massacreur mat "dull, heavy" matir matité matoir matte matité mât (Naut.) "mast"
masses of people, including dependents, peasants and immigrants, into cities. Britain had ended the practice of serfdom in 1574, but the vast majority of people remained as tenant-farmers on estates owned by the landed aristocracy. This transition was not merely one of relocation from rural to urban environs; rather, the nature of industrial work created a new class of "worker". A farmer worked the land, raised animals and grew crops, and either owned the land or paid rent, but ultimately
massive flight of some 10 million East Pakistani Bengals to the Indian state of West Bengal, following waves of emigration since Partition in 1947. The subsequent Indo-Pakistani War involved fighting on two fronts; with air supremacy achieved in the eastern theater and the rapid advance of the Allied Forces of Mukti Bahini and the Indian military, Pakistan surrendered in Dhaka on 16 December 1971, in what remains to date the largest surrender of armed personnel since the Second World War..
master. The critics of the new arrangement would call this "wage slavery", but the term that persisted was a new form of human relations: employment. Unlike farmers, workers often had less control over their jobs; without job security or a promise of an on-going relationship with their employers, they lacked some control over the work they performed or how it impacted their health and life. It is in this context that modern trade unions emerge. In the cities, trade unions
match between Daniel and Johnny. It was nominated for a Clio Award. The series held its world premiere on April 24, 2018, at the SVA Theatre in New York City during the annual Tribeca Film Festival. Following the screening, a discussion was held with writers, directors, and executive producers Hayden Schlossberg, Jon Hurwitz, and Josh Heald, in addition to series stars and co-executive producers William Zabka and Ralph Macchio. YouTube partnered with Fathom Events for special screenings of the first
matchpoints; the opponents receive the complement score, e.g. an 80% score for a N–S pair implies a 20% score for their E–W opponents. Colloquially, a maximum matchpoints score on a board is known as a "top", and a zero score is a "bottom". The terms "high board" and "low board" are also used. Note 1: Using American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) methods, scoring is one point for each pair beaten, and one-half point for each pair tied. Note 2: The
maximize his instrumental palette. He later cited "California Girls" as his first full application of Spector's "studio as an instrument" concept. The 2003 book Temples of Sound states that Wilson distinguished himself from Spector through the usage of certain instruments, such as banjo, and by possessing a "clean muscle" missing in Spector's work. In Priore's assessment, Wilson reconfigured Spector's Wall of Sound techniques in pursuit of "audio clarity" and "a more lush, comfortable feel" rather than cumulatively building the arrangement
maximum possible number (or difference) of victory points. Blocked (Adjective) If a suit is divided between partners in such a way that the hand with the shorter holding has only high cards, the suit cannot be run without an entry to the longer holding in another suit; it is then said to be blocked. If North holds ♦AK and South holds ♦QJ10, South cannot cash a third diamond trick without an entry in another suit. The diamonds are blocked until
may develop around these events. In some regions, unions may face active repression, either by governments or by extralegal organizations, with many cases of violence, some having led to deaths, having been recorded historically. Unions may also engage in broader political or social struggle. Social Unionism encompasses many unions that use their organizational strength to advocate for social policies and legislation favourable to their members or to workers in general. As well, unions in some countries are closely aligned with
may have been an in-joke for the Finnish audience as a reference to a controversial TV commercial that aired in Finland many years earlier. Radio Times criticised the gender balance of guests on the "Celebrity Face Off" segment during an episode, with Paris Hilton as the only female guest. The Grand Tour is released to viewers across more than 195 countries and territories. attracting favourable viewing figures since its premiere episode, Australian free-to-air network Seven Network started broadcasting the first
may have originated as a reference to a fictional character, le roi d'irelande, in the courtly legend cycle of Tristan. Alternatively, it may have derived from a celebrated 13th century bardic poem, Tabhroidh Chugam Cruit mo Riogh, dedicated to Donnchadh Cairbreach O'Briain (d. 1242), a Gaelic King of Thomond. Whatever its origins, the harp was adopted as the symbol of the new Kingdom of Ireland, established by Henry VIII, in 1541. A document in the Office of the Ulster King
may have sprung "from an idea that they might denote the feudal sovereignty of the pope" — whose tiara has three crowns — "whose vassal the king of England was, as lord of Ireland." Despite this, the memory of the three crowns arms may have remained for a time with one Elizabethan variant of the harp, sometimes found on coins, maps and seals as early as 1562, using of the three harps, one replacing each of the three crowns of
may offer a bid at a smaller increment, which the auctioneer has the discretion to accept or reject. Thumb Auction - Olden Auction type where bid were hidden and the bidders used to tell auctioneer their bibs by placing their fingers under a cloth and touch the fingers with an dedicated amount. Lot – either a single item being sold, or a group of items (which may or may not be similar or identical, such as a "job lot" of
meal" lippu "thick-lipped" liseré "edging, bordering, trim" lisière "edge" liseré liste "list" lisière listeau liteau liston listel listeau "blue strap" liteau liston "scroll" liteau "a blue stripe" litre "a black band" living "living room, sitting room, parlour" ( < Eng < Gmc) loch "a ship's log" locher "to be loose" locman "a harbour pilot" lof "luff" loge "lodge, lobby" loger logis logement logette logeable loger "to lodge" logeur déloger logis "a dwelling" lombes "loins" ( < Lat lumbus < Gmc
mechanisms have faced severe structural limitations, notably high fragmentation, limited independence, and weak sanctioning powers (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 2, p. 26). Furthermore, virtually all EU institutions have traditionally entrusted the respect of these rules to themselves through internal self-assessment mechanisms rather than independent external oversight (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 13, p. 278). The 2022 Qatargate influence-buying scandal served as a critical juncture that accelerated the push for systemic reform across the institutions (Dionyssis G. Dimitrakopoulos, Chapter 9, p. 186), as public
medical student using the name "Elizabeth Raine" announced she was auctioning her virginity, citing Dylan as an inspiration. Raine asserted that she had a privileged upbringing and no need for the money, but that the money was her primary motivation, and that she would give a portion to charity. Originally Raine only offered photos obscuring her face, but later released full photographs. The final bid was $801,000, but Raine had a change of heart and cancelled the auction on 8
melody from the Smiley Smile track "Fall Breaks and Back to Winter", which was then incorporated into the composition. Wilson, Parks, and Sahanaja ultimately configured the presentation into three movements. In Wilson's words, "We [first] thought of it as 2-movement rock opera. Then we added a third ..."." The third movement effectively constituted songs that were leftover from the other two, and in Sahanaja's description, "the stuff that was the riskiest" from Wilson's point of view. Sahanaja added: "At that
members generally referred to the film as The Kung Fu Kid, and he believed the film would only be called The Karate Kid in America, and The Kung Fu Kid in China. This theory held true in the People's Republic of China, where the film is titled The Kung Fu Dream (Chinese: 功夫梦). In Japan and South Korea, the film is titled Best Kid (Japanese: ベスト・キッド; Korean: 베스트 키드) after the local title of the 1984 film in both countries.
mentor". Jackie Chan told a Los Angeles Chinatown concert crowd in 2009 that he was leaving for Beijing to film the remake as Jaden Smith's teacher. Despite maintaining the original title, the 2010 remake does not feature karate, which is from Okinawa (Japan), but focuses on the main character learning kung fu in China. Chan told interviewers that film cast members generally referred to the film as The Kung Fu Kid, and he believed the film would only be called
mere "mere, pool, pond") marée marécage "marsh" marécageux maréchal "mareschal, marshal" maréchalerie maréchaussée "troop commanded by a mareschal" marmonner "to murmur" ( < ON < Gmc, cf Nor marma, Swed marra "to murmur", Germ murren, murmeln) marmotter "to mumble, mutter" marmotte maroufle "lining paste" marque "mark" marquer marquant marquer "to mark" marqueur remarqueur démarqueur marqueter "to chequer" marqueterie marquis "marquis" marquise marquisat marri "sad" ( < OFr marrir "to sadden" < Frk *marrjan < Gmc, cf OE mierran) marsouin (Zoo.)
merged into the Mukti Bahini and bolstered their weaponry with supplies from India. Pakistan responded by airlifting in two infantry divisions and reorganizing their forces. They also raised paramilitary forces of Razakars, Al-Badrs and Al-Shams (mostly members of the Muslim League and other Islamist groups), as well as other Bengalis who opposed independence, and Bihari Muslims who had settled during the time of partition. On 17 April 1971, a provisional government was formed in Meherpur District in western Bangladesh bordering
mi) of land that Indian troops had seized in West Pakistan during the war, though India retained a few strategic areas, most notably Kargil (which was in turn the focal point of a war between the two nations in 1999). This was done as a measure of promoting "lasting peace" and acknowledged by many observers as a sign of maturity by India. But some in India felt the treaty had been too lenient to Bhutto, who had pleaded for leniency,
midmost") mite "tick, mite" miton "mitten" mitonner "to coddle" mitraille "grapeshot, old iron" mitrailler mitraillade moche ( < Frk *mokka "formless mass" < Gmc, cf Germ Mocke) momerie "masquerade, mummery" ( < OFr momer < Gmc, cf OHG mummen, MDu mommen "to act a mummer") moquer "to mock" ( < Picard moquer < MDu mocken "to mumble" < Gmc, cf MLG mucken "to grumble") moquerie moqueur morille (Bot.) "morel" morne "downcast, dull" motte "clod, mound" moue "pout" mouette "seagull, mew"
military alliance with a mutual defence clause, closed in 2011 as its role had been transferred to the EU. Following the Kosovo War in 1999, the European Council agreed that "the Union must have the capacity for autonomous action, backed by credible military forces, the means to decide to use them, and the readiness to do so, in order to respond to international crises without prejudice to actions by NATO". To that end, a number of efforts were made to
military coup that sends president Joseph Saidu Momoh into exile in Guinea, and the National Provisional Ruling Council (NPRC) is established with 25-year-old Captain Valentine Strasser as its chairman and Head of State of the country. April 30 – Brčko bridge massacre: around 100 Croat and Bosniak civilians are blown up while crossing the bridge across the Sava in Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina. May 1 – Lithuania introduces a new temporary currency, the talonas. May 5 Russian leaders in Crimea
military fired artillery at Pakistani troops and even made several incursions into Pakistani territory. The Indian authorities also attempted to carry on psychological warfare and keep up the morale of comrades in East Pakistan. The Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra (Free Bangladesh Radio Centre), which had broadcast Major Rahman's independence declaration, was relocated from Kalurghat in East Pakistan to India after the transmission building was attacked by Pakistani Sabre jets on 30 March 1971. It resumed broadcasting on 3 April from
military frontier" marche "march, walk" marchepied "a step-stair" marcher "to march, walk" ( < OFr marchier "to tread, move" < Frk *markōn "to mark, pace out" < Gmc) marche marcheur démarche mare "pool, pond" ( < ON marr "sea, lake, pond" or Dut maer, maar "pond, lake, pool" < Gmc, cf OS meri "pond, pool", OHG meri "inland sea", OE mere "mere, pool, pond") marée marécage "marsh" marécageux maréchal "mareschal, marshal" maréchalerie maréchaussée "troop commanded by a mareschal" marmonner "to
military honours in a specially built mausoleum in the city of Santa Clara, Cuba, where he had won the decisive battle of the Cuban Revolution 39 years before. October 22 – Danish escaped criminal Steen Christensen robs the Hotel Palace in Helsinki, Finland, killing two police officers while evading capture. October 29 – Iraq disarmament crisis: Iraq says it will begin shooting down Lockheed U-2 surveillance planes being used by UNSCOM inspectors. November 2 – Severe Tropical Storm Linda devastates
military in East Pakistan on 25 March, when it initiated its military crackdown. President Yahya Khan called on the military—which was overwhelmingly led by West Pakistanis—to suppress dissent in the east, after accepting the resignation of Lieutenant-General Yaqub Ali Khan, the chief of staff of the East Pakistani military. Mass arrests of dissidents began and, after several days of strikes and non-cooperation, the Pakistani military, led by Lieutenant-General Tikka Khan, cracked down on Dhaka on the night of 25 March
million in 2025) out-of-court settlement in April 1992. The next month, Wilson was sued by Mike Love over long-neglected royalties and songwriting credits. In December 1994, a jury ruled in favor of Love, awarding him $5 million ($10.9 million in 2025) and a share of future royalties from Wilson. In September 1995, Wilson sued his former conservator, Jerome Billet, seeking $10 million for alleged failures in supervising the lawyers handling the Irving Music and Love lawsuits. According to his second
million) of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Xi'an, Suzhou, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Linyi, Shijiazhuang, Dongguan, Qingdao, Changsha and Hefei. The total permanent population of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing and Chengdu is above 20 million. Shanghai is China's most populous urban area while Chongqing is its largest city proper, the only city in China with a permanent population of over 30 million. The figures in the table below are from the 2020 census, and are only estimates of the urban
million, on a moderate budget of $40 million. People's Choice Awards 2011 Favorite Family Movie (Nominated) Favorite On-Screen Team – Jaden Smith & Jackie Chan (Nominated) Favorite Action Star – Jackie Chan (Won) 2011 Kids' Choice Awards Favorite Movie (Won) Favorite Buttkicker (Jackie Chan) (Won) Favorite Movie Actor (Jaden Smith) (Nominated) 2011 MTV Video Music Aid Japan Best Song from a Movie ("Never Say Never" by Justin Bieber featuring Jaden Smith) (Nominated) 2011 MTV Movie Awards Biggest Badass Star (Jaden
minimum bid differs from a reserve price (see definition), in that the auctioneer sets the minimum bid, while the seller sets the reserve price (if desired). "New money" – a new bidder, joining bidding for an item after others have bid against each other. No reserve auction (a/k/a "absolute auction") – an auction in which there is no minimum acceptable price; so long as the winning bid is at least the minimum bid, the seller must honor the sale. Outbid
miniseries entitled Cobra Kai: The Karate Kid Saga Continues - Johnny's Story was published by IDW Publishing and released between October 2019 and January 2020, and was subsequently collected in trade paperback on July 8, 2020. It was written by Denton J. Tipton, with art by Kagan McLeod and colors by Luis Antonio Delgado. Cobra Kai: The Karate Kid Saga Continues, a video game based on the series, was released for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on October
minor songs, or observing unwritten repeats). Sacred Harp music continues to be taught in "singing schools" by members of the singing community. The Sacred Harp, as is typical of shape-note tunebooks, contains a section on rudiments, describing the basics of music and Sacred Harp singing. The most common tunebook in the Sacred Harp tradition is The Sacred Harp: 2025 Edition, published by the Sacred Harp Publishing Company; David Ivey was the editorial chair for this revision. This book is used
minus 200, down two undoubled and vulnerable, or down one doubled and vulnerable, is a likely bottom against a part score by the opponents. A score of plus 200 from making five-odd of a major after stopping in a partial, is a likely bottom against the game contracts bid by other pairs holding the same cards. Knockout (KO), or Knockout Teams A single-elimination tournament for teams-of-four. Routinely each round pairs all of the competing teams in head-to-head matches—win or lose;
mishap. A minor penalty card remains face up on the table until played. The minor penalty card must be played before any other card below honor rank in the same suit; however, an honor in the same suit may be played before the minor penalty card is played. Contrast Major penalty card. Minor suit The club suit and the diamond suit are minor suits. Declarer scores 20 points for each trick taken in an undoubled contract with a minor suit
miss the remainder of the season. During his injury shortened season, Wilson made only 2 appearances with an ERA of 9.00 and 1 save. The Giants went on to win their second World Series in three years. Wilson expressed confidence in an interview on April 15 that he would return to the Giants in 2013. However, because he was coming off an injury and would be owed at least $6.8 million for 2013, he was non-tendered after the season, which
mixing of the two types in some cases still exists today. When the types were separated by the Rat Terrier Club of America, the short-legged variety was named in honor of Theodore Roosevelt, although he never owned Rat Terriers nor was he instrumental in developing the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier. The dog most attributed to being one of the foundations for the Rat Terriers was a black-and-tan, mixed-breed, feist-type dog owned by the Roosevelts. In one of his letters to his
mièvrerie mièvreté mignard "delicate" mignarder mignardise mignon "favourite, darling, minion" ( < OFr mign- < Gmc, cf OHG minnia "darling") mignonette mignonoter mijaurée "a conceited woman" mijoter "to cook gently and slowly, simmer" milord "lord, wealthy man" mitaine "mitten" ( < OFr mitaine "mitten, half-glove," from OFr mite "mitten" < ML mitta < MHG mittemo "half-glove" < OHG mittamo "middle, midmost") mite "tick, mite" miton "mitten" mitonner "to coddle" mitraille "grapeshot, old iron" mitrailler mitraillade moche ( < Frk *mokka
mob, pure and simple." Vice President Dan Quayle blamed the violence on a "Poverty of Values" – "I believe the lawless social anarchy which we saw is directly related to the breakdown of family structure, personal responsibility and social order in too many areas of our society." Similarly, White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater alleged that "many of the root problems that have resulted in inner-city difficulties were started in the 1960s and 1970s and ... they have failed ...
modelling of satisfaction level, Euclidean distance is used, where the offer and demand are treated as vectors. Auctions can be categorized into three types of procedures for auctions depending on the occurrence of a price development during an auction run and its causes. English auction, also known as an open ascending price auction. This type of auction is arguably the most common form of auction in use today. Participants bid openly against one another, with each subsequent bid required to
mole poblano. In Mexico City, military commemoration is occasionally held at the Campo Marte. A street, Avenida Cinco de Mayo, in the Historic Center of Mexico City was named after the battle in 1862 by Benito Juárez. Remembrance of Cinco de Mayo, began, in the 1860s, by Latinos in California, Nevada, Oregon, and Texas in the context of the Latino experience of the Mexican Independence Day, Mexican Declaration of Independence, and the American Civil War in the Far West and
moral and philosophical perspective, the First Report was lengthy and provided accounts that were unpalatable to be released to the public. Initially, there were 12 copies that were all destroyed, except for the one that was kept and marked as "Top Secret" to prevent the backlash effects on the demoralised military. In 1976, the Supplementary Report was submitted, which was the comprehensive report compiled together with the First Report; this report was also marked as classified. In 2000, the excerpts
more engaged and politically involved and that political empowerment is very much part of the Korean American future." According to Edward Park, the 1992 violence stimulated a new wave of political activism among Korean Americans, but it also split them into two camps. The liberals sought to unite with other minorities in Los Angeles to fight against racial oppression and scapegoating. The conservatives emphasized law and order and generally favored the economic and social policies of the Republican Party. The
more of its low cards. Rule of Eight Devised by Ely Culbertson. "The total of defensive honor-tricks that will be won at any bid (trump or no-trump) after each deal is about 8 out of the 13 tricks." A way to decide whether to overcall an opponent's 1NT opening. Length in long suits, the losing trick count and HCP are combined. Devised by David Burn from experience of playing with and of captaining teams of junior players. (1) Subtract the
more states to introduce a similar method. William Randolph Hearst opened a nationwide popular readership for direct election of U.S. senators in a 1906 series of articles using flamboyant language attacking "The Treason of the Senate" in his Cosmopolitan magazine. David Graham Philips, a muckraker, described Nelson Aldrich of Rhode Island as the principal "traitor" among the "scurvy lot" in control of the Senate by theft, perjury, and bribes corrupting the state legislatures to gain election to the Senate. A
more supportive than East Pakistanis of an Islamic state, a tendency that persisted after 1971. Cultural and linguistic differences between the two wings gradually outweighed any sense of religious unity. The Bengalis took great pride in their culture and language which, with its Bengali script and vocabulary, was unacceptable to the West Pakistani elite, who believed that it had assimilated considerable Hindu cultural influences. West Pakistanis, in an attempt to "Islamise" the East, wanted the Bengalis to adopt Urdu. The
more than 883 km2. The Indian hardliners, however, felt that the treaty had been too lenient to President Bhutto, who had pleaded for leniency, arguing that the fragile stability in Pakistan would crumble if the accord was perceived as being overly harsh by Pakistanis and that he would be accused of losing Kashmir in addition to the loss of East Pakistan. As a result, Prime Minister Gandhi was criticised by a section in India for believing Bhutto's "sweet talk and
more who draw the lowest card or cards are said to cut out, and their replacements to cut in. Cutthroat bridge A form of three-handed bridge. DAB An abbreviation of directional asking bid. Danger hand An opponent who, if he obtains the lead, can damage declarer's prospects. When defending, either declarer's or dummy's hand which, if it gains the lead, can damage the defenders' prospects. Datum The mean or median of raw scores on a deal. The datum is used
mortem (Slang) A discussion of a hand, and the nature of the result, after the play has concluded. Powerhouse An unusually strong hand. Prealert An alert which must be made at the beginning of the round before play begins on the first board. Different national governing organizations may establish different requirements for prealerts. Examples of methods for which the ACBL requires a prealert include the following: An agreement to lead the small card from "xx" on opening lead An agreement
most common form of auction in use today. Participants bid openly against one another, with each subsequent bid required to be higher than the previous bid. An auctioneer may announce prices, bidders may call out their bids themselves (or have a proxy call out a bid on their behalf), or bids may be submitted electronically with the highest current bid publicly displayed. In some cases a maximum bid might be left with the auctioneer, who may bid on behalf of
most in Wilson's compositions. Sudden breaks into a cappella segments, again borrowed from the Four Freshmen, are another feature of his music, having been employed in "Salt Lake City" (1965) and "Sloop John B" (1966). Many of Wilson's compositions are marked by destabilized tonal centers. He frequently used key changes within verses and choruses, including "truck driver's modulations", to create dynamic shifts. Chromaticism and tertian movement are other recurring harmonic devices in his work. His bass parts are often melodic
most notably the Himalayas. High plateaus feature among the more arid landscapes of the north, such as the Taklamakan and the Gobi Desert. The world's highest point, Mount Everest (8,848 m), lies on the Sino-Nepalese border. The country's lowest point, and the world's third-lowest, is the dried lake bed of Ayding Lake (−154 m) in the Turpan Depression. Despite spanning the equivalent of five geographical time zones (from UTC+5 to UTC+9), China uses a single national time zone, China Standard
most of the album between January and April 1966 across multiple Hollywood studios, mainly employing his bandmates for singing vocal parts and session musicians for the backing tracks. Reflecting on the album, Wilson highlighted the instrumental "Let's Go Away for Awhile" as his "most satisfying piece of music" at the time and "I Just Wasn't Made for These Times" as a partially autobiographical song "about a guy who was crying because he thought he was too advanced". In a 1995
mostly for comedic roles, and it earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. The film subsequently launched a media franchise and is credited for popularizing karate in the United States. In 2025, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant." In 1984, 17-year-old Daniel LaRusso and his mother Lucille move from Newark, New Jersey, to Reseda, Los Angeles,
mother died and, to cope with her pain, Rowling transferred her own anguish to the orphan Harry. Rowling spent six years working on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Rowling sent the book to a literary agent and a publisher and then the second agent she approached spent a year trying to sell the book to publishers, most of whom thought it was too long at about 90,000 words. Barry Cunningham, who was building a portfolio of distinctive fantasies by
mother who was a house servant from Mandalay working for his father and his birth was the result of their affair. Growing up in the colonial environment of Burma, Khan was exposed to a structured, disciplined life from an early age, which influenced his later career. He completed his early education in Mandalay before moving to India to pursue higher studies. He attended the Indian Military Academy, Dehra Dun. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant on the Special List
motivated by its security imperatives regarding India, Pakistan did not sign on until Iran was satisfied that the British government was not going to obstruct the nationalization of British oil companies in Iran. According to Dr Mujtaba Razvi, Pakistan likely would not have joined CENTO had Iran been negatively affected during these events. Iran again played a vital role for Pakistan in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, this time supplying military equipment as well as diplomatic support against India. The
motto 'In defens', a contraction of the phrase 'In my defens God me defend'. The supporters are a crowned and chained Scottish unicorn on the dexter, and a crowned English lion on the sinister. Between each supporter and the shield is a lance displaying the flag of their respective kingdom. The grassy mound beneath the shield contains only thistles; on it is a second motto, that of the Order of the Thistle: Nemo me impune lacessit (no one will attack
movement with religious nationalist overtones and today it supports the right-wing Law and Justice party. Although their political structure and autonomy varies widely, union leaderships are usually formed through democratic elections. Leaders of unions can show on average a political bias relative to union members. The oldest global trade union organizations include the World Federation of Trade Unions created in 1945. The largest trade union federation in the world is the Brussels-based International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), created in 2006,
movements in 1980. Besides the tracks that made it into the final presentation, nothing from the original Smile sessions was worked on, although some recordings were presented to Wilson for consideration. Among the rejected ideas that Sahanaja played for Wilson was "He Gives Speeches", "With Me Tonight", "She's Goin' Bald", and the alternate "rock with me, Henry" version of "Wonderful". Rehearsals began in January 2004, at which point Leaf had arrived with a film crew set on documenting the project.
much that the opponents can subsequently control the play of the hand. See Forcing defense. Control-bid A bid that shows control of a particular suit. Often a cue bid, but not all cue bids are control-bids. Convenient club See Short club. Convention An agreement between partners on an artificial meaning of a call or sequence of calls, which is not necessarily related to the length and strength of bid suits or of willingness to play in notrump. Many bidding conventions
muscular and not overly long. The hind legs are normally strong and straight. The hind feet are similar to the front feet. Throughout history, the dewclaws have been removed; however, many would now oppose this arguably unnecessary and cruel procedure. The tail is traditionally low-set and tapering, carried over the back when in motion or excited, but relaxed otherwise. A 2024 UK study found a life expectancy of 14.2 years from a sample size of 44 dogs for the breed
museler "to muzzle" muselière emmuseler muser "to dawdle" musard amuser musser "to hide" nabot "dwarf" ( < OFr nimbot < ON nabbi "bump, knot" < Gmc) naguère "lately" nantir "to pledge, secure, take possession of" nantissement navrer "to wound" navrance navrant navré navrement navrure niche "prank, trick" nickel "nickel" nigaud "dunce" ( < OFr *nigald, niguald < Frk *niwald "newby, novice" < *niwi "new" + -wald, cf OHG niwi, niuwi "novice, beginner") nigauder nigauderie nippe "clothes" nipper nique "a mocking
music vanguard. In 2009, Pitchfork ran an editorial feature that traced the development of nascent indie music scenes, and chillwave in particular, to the themes of Wilson's songs and his reputation for being an "emotionally fragile dude with mental health problems who coped by taking drugs". By 2021, his influence continued to be attributed to contemporary dream pop acts such as Au Revoir Simone, Wild Nothing, Alvvays, and Lana Del Rey. In 2022, She & Him, accompanied by the release
music, Van Halen canceled two concert shows in Inglewood on Saturday and Sunday. Metallica and Guns N' Roses were forced to postpone and relocate their concert to the Rose Bowl as the LA Coliseum and its surrounding neighborhood were still damaged. Michael Bolton canceled his scheduled performance at the Hollywood Bowl Sunday. The World Wrestling Federation canceled events on Friday and Saturday in the cities of Long Beach and Fresno. By the end of Friday night, all the remaining smaller
music, the lack of melodic originality, the lack of discernible lyrics, like in rap music. It all adds up to one big minus. On September 28, 2004, BWPS was issued on Nonesuch Records. It debuted at number 13 on the Billboard 200, the highest chart position of any album by the Beach Boys or Brian Wilson since 1976's 15 Big Ones, and it was the best-selling album on Amazon for two weeks. On September 28, Wilson appeared on The Tonight
music. In the estimation of biographer Timothy White, he instead sought a "new plateau midway between Gershwin and the best Four Freshmen material" when forming his band. Gershwin's influence became more pronounced later in his career, particularly after the 1970s when he dedicated himself to learning the violin parts from Rhapsody in Blue. In 1994, he recorded a choral version of the piece with Van Dyke Parks. Phil Spector's influence on Wilson is widely acknowledged. He referred to Spector as
musical instruments were traditionally grouped into eight categories known as bayin (八音). Traditional Chinese opera is a form of musical theatre in China originating thousands of years and has regional style forms such as Beijing and Cantonese opera. Chinese pop (C-Pop) includes mandopop and cantopop. Chinese hip hop and Hong Kong hip hop have become popular. Hanfu is the historical clothing of the Han people in China. The qipao or cheongsam is a popular Chinese female dress. The hanfu movement
musical watershed on par with Sgt. Pepper's [...] or Wilson's masterpiece, Pet Sounds". Writing in his 2005 book about Smile, Domenic Priore opined, "The recording sessions for the album at Sunset Sound came and went very quickly, and the mix suffers because of this; the emphasis on bass is not what it should be, and the tracks should breathe more. Some felt that there was too much singing, compared with the instrumental texture of the original tapes." BWPS received three
musician, Al Jardine. In September 1960, Wilson enrolled as a psychology major at El Camino Junior College in Los Angeles, also pursuing music. Disappointed by his teachers' disdain for pop music, he withdrew from college after about 18 months. By his account, he crafted his first entirely original melody, "Surfer Girl", in 1961, inspired by a Dion and the Belmonts rendition of "When You Wish Upon a Star". However, his close high school friends disputed his claim, recalling earlier original
must acquire a fixed number of items either at a fixed buy-it-now price in the open market or by participating in a sequence of auctions. The objective of the buyer is to minimize their expected total cost for acquiring the fixed number of items. During an auction, the seller might possess more comprehensive knowledge regarding the item on offer compared to the buyer, creating an information asymmetry. This lack of information could lead the bidder to overvalue the item and
must either open with a preemptive bid or pass. See also Zar points evaluation method. Rule of Two When missing two non-touching honors, it is normally superior to finesse first for their lower honor. In the following two example hands, three tricks or the maximum possible are needed. In the first hand, finesse the ♠10, not the ♠Q. Similarly in the second, lead the ♥2 and when West follows with the ♥9, it is best to finesse the ♥10. When
must then make a favorable lead. That player is said to be "endplayed". Normally, the player who is endplayed is a defender. Although the word implies that the play occurs toward the end of a hand, it often occurs earlier, and in exceptional cases the opening leader can be said to be "endplayed at trick one." Enter To win a trick in the opposite hand, thereby giving it the right to lead to the next trick. To make the first
myth." Mike Love gave his thoughts on the album in a November 2004 interview: "I guess it's a good thing for Brian to do. A friend sent me a copy, but I haven't had time to hear it yet because we've been on tour." In an earlier interview, he had said he would have no interest in listening to the album and citing the legal concept of "corporate opportunity", mentioned that it had possibly infringed on the Beach Boys' intellectual
name for board-a-match. Point count A method of hand evaluation which assigns a numeric value to a hand's high cards and distributional features, used as a guideline in bidding. Point count trap A hand whose intrinsic trick-taking potential is less than a conventional point count would indicate. Pointed suit Spades or diamonds. The term refers to the shape at the tops of the suit symbols. Contrast Rounded suit. Portland Club A bridge club in London which published the first version
named for its best known example, the Dutch tulip auctions. ("Dutch auction" is also sometimes used to describe online auctions where several identical goods are sold simultaneously to an equal number of high bidders). In addition to cut flower sales in the Netherlands, Dutch auctions have also been used for perishable commodities such as fish and tobacco. The Dutch auction is not widely used, except in market orders in stock or currency exchanges, which are functionally identical. Japanese auction is
nation on radio that same evening, Prime Minister Gandhi held that the air strikes were a declaration of war against India and the Indian Air Force (IAF) responded with initial air strikes the same night. These expanded to massive retaliatory air strikes the next morning. This air action marked the start of all-out war; Gandhi ordered the mobilisation of troops and launched a full-scale invasion of East Pakistan. This involved Indian forces in coordinated air, sea and land assaults. The
national following amongst the Chinese populace, with native-born and NBA-bound Chinese players and well-known national household names such as Yao Ming and Yi Jianlian being held in high esteem. China's professional football league, known as Chinese Super League, is the largest football market in East Asia. Other popular sports include martial arts, table tennis, badminton, swimming and snooker. China is home to a huge number of cyclists, with an estimated 470 million bicycles as of 2012. China has the world's
nations and covers the bulk of East Asia, bordering Vietnam, Laos, and Myanmar in Southeast Asia; India, Bhutan, Nepal, Pakistan and Afghanistan in South Asia; Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan in Central Asia; and Russia, Mongolia, and North Korea in Inner Asia and Northeast Asia. It is narrowly separated from Bangladesh and Thailand to the southwest and south, and has several maritime neighbors such as Japan, Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia. China has resolved its land borders with 12 out of 14
nations were quick to recognize Bangladesh within months of its independence. As the Bangladesh Liberation War approached the defeat of the Pakistan Army, the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan became the first state in the world to recognize the newly independent country on 6 December 1971. Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the first president of Bangladesh, visited Bhutan to attend the coronation of Jigme Singye Wangchuck, the fourth King of Bhutan in June 1974. The US government stood by its old ally Pakistan
natural which by agreement carries a coded meaning not necessarily related to the call's (or to the prior call's) denomination. A bidding system that contains many such calls. Asking bid A bid that, by prior agreement, requests information about a feature of partner's hand: for example, number of controls, suit length, or control of a particular suit. Attacking lead A lead that instigates an active defense; often, the lead of an honor from a sequence, or a forcing defense. Attitude
nautical signal. Phantom pair In a pairs movement, if there is an odd number of pairs, then in each round one pair will have to sit out. The missing pair that they would have played is known as the phantom pair. Phantom sacrifice A sacrifice bid against a contract that the opponents would not have made. Also, False sacrifice or Phantom save. Phoney club A type of 1 Club opening bid which shows opening values but does not guarantee clubs,
naviculariorum, a collegium of merchant mariners. Collegium also included fraternities of Roman priests overseeing Sacrificium Romanam (ritual sacrifices), practising augury, keeping scriptures, arranging festivals, and maintaining specific religious cults. While a commonly held mistaken view holds modern trade unionism to be a product of Marxism, the earliest modern trade unions predate Marx's Communist Manifesto (1848) by almost a century (and Marx's writings themselves frequently address the prior existence of the workers' movements of his time.) The first recorded labour strike
near Tullamore, County Offaly, were given notice to quit, a local priest, Father Paddy Dunne, arranged passage for 400 people to Australia. A ship was chartered from the Black Ball Line and named the Erin-go-Bragh. The voyage of the Erin-go-Bragh, a "crazy, leaky tub", took 196 days, the longest recorded passage to Australia. A passenger nicknamed the ship the "Erin-go-Slow", but eventually it landed in Moreton Bay near Brisbane. A pub in Sydney, Australia, in the 19th century that catered
necessarily related to the length and strength of bid suits or of willingness to play in notrump. Many bidding conventions are artificial; see, for example, Slam-seeking conventions. An agreement that a particular defensive play has a special meaning. Compare with Treatment. Convention card A form filled out by a partnership and available to their opponents, that shows the bidding and play conventions they are using. Normally used during tournaments, their format may be prescribed by the governing bridge organization. Convert
needling each other, and test driver Mike Skinner offers no worthwhile commentary. Digital Spy was positive of series 2, episode 1, calling it "An understated premiere for a show that feels like it's finding its feet." The Times was also positive, giving the show 4 out of 5 stars, stating "Some parts of the show are flat but mostly it works, the production values remain high and it has clearly been hit with a juggernaut of money." The Daily Telegraph,
negative doubles. Bust (Slang) A very weak hand. Sometimes paired with the name of a long suit: for example, "club bust" to denote a hand with long clubs and very little high card strength. See also Yarborough. Busy A card that is needed for some purpose is said to be busy. For example, cards that a defender is trying to preserve while declarer executes a squeeze are "busy". Contrast Idle. A busy defense is an alternative term for an active
neighborhood of the San Fernando Valley. The California Highway Patrol (CHP) attempted to initiate a traffic stop and a high-speed pursuit ensued with speeds estimated at up to 115 mph (185 km/h), before King eventually exited the freeway at Foothill Boulevard. The pursuit continued through residential neighborhoods of Lake View Terrace in San Fernando Valley before King stopped in front of the Hansen Dam recreation center. When King finally stopped, LAPD and CHP officers surrounded King's vehicle and married CHP
never displayed on a flag. Supporters are not part of the arms – they support the arms, which are on the shield. The formerly official flag continues to be used to represent Northern Ireland at some sports events. Use today can be controversial in some parts of Northern Ireland. The Northern Ireland Office uses the royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom which also appear on the cover of acts of the Northern Ireland Assembly. The Northern Ireland Assembly
new entity is the development of "common minimum standards" for the conduct of the political members of the participating institutions, strictly excluding the EU civil service staff (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 13, p. 283; Zachariah Davies and Arnaud Van Waeyenberge, Chapter 12, p. 272). The new body adopts these minimum standards by consensus and is assisted by five independent experts (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 9). The Court of Justice of the EU (ECJ) participates only as an
new instrumental piano recordings of his songs, and the soundtrack to Brian Wilson: Long Promised Road, which includes both new and previously unreleased recordings. At the end of 2021, he sold his publishing rights to Universal Music Publishing Group for $50 million. He was paid almost $32 million for his songwriter share plus $19 million for his reversion rights (his ability to reclaim his song rights within a time period after signing them away under the Copyright Act of 1976).
news conference in front of his lawyer's office, tearfully saying, "People, I just want to say, you know, can we all get along?" That morning, at 1:00 am, Governor Wilson had requested federal assistance. Upon request, Bush invoked the Insurrection Act with Executive Order 12804, federalizing the California Army National Guard and authorizing federal troops and federal law enforcement officers to help restore law and order. With Bush's authority, the Pentagon activated Operation Garden Plot, placing the California Army National
newsletter and stated he did not exercise direct oversight on its content, but accepted "moral responsibility" for it being published under his name. In the aftermath of the riots, public pressure mounted for a retrial of the officers. Federal charges of civil rights violations were brought against them. As the first anniversary of the acquittal neared, the city tensely awaited the federal jury's decision. The decision was read in a court session on Saturday, April 17, 1993, at 7 a.m.
newspapers and journals, which have critiqued Kissinger's perspective, objectivity and content found within his book. Donald S. Zagoria from Columbia University considered Kissinger's book a "remarkable achievement" which "will certainly add to his reputation as one of America's pre-eminent strategic thinkers". He found the book multifaceted, with various parts attempting to achieve several outcomes. Zagoria reflected that the book tried to make sense of Chinese diplomacy and foreign policy across its entirety as an empire and nation, while also being
next phase of the Afghan War, relations between the two soured after Iran and Pakistan backed opposing sides, and the two nearly went to war after the killing of Iranian diplomats in Mazar-i-Sharif by Pakistan-backed Taliban. Following the September 11 attacks, Iran and Pakistan joined the war on terror but they failed to align with each other due to conflicted interests. While Pakistan has also provided support to Iran in the Iran–Israel proxy conflict and served as a mediator in
next year, Wilson continued sporadic recording sessions for his fourth solo album, Gettin' In over My Head. Released in June 2004, the record featured guest appearances from Parks, Paul McCartney, Eric Clapton, and Elton John. Some of the songs were leftovers from Wilson's collaborations with Paley and Thomas. To the surprise of his associates, Wilson agreed to follow the Pet Sounds tours with concert dates featuring songs from the unfinished Smile album. Sahanaja assisted with sequencing and Parks contributed additional
night the rioting started. The following game was postponed until Sunday and moved to Las Vegas. The Los Angeles Clippers moved a playoff game against the Utah Jazz to nearby Anaheim. In baseball, the Los Angeles Dodgers postponed games for four straight days from Thursday to Sunday, including a whole three-game series against the Montreal Expos; all were made up as part of doubleheaders in July. In San Francisco, a city curfew due to unrest forced the postponement of a
no appearances and took no recorded actions while acting president. On July 21, 2007, Bush invoked Section 3 before another colonoscopy. Cheney was acting president from 7:16 a.m. to 9:21 a.m. During that time, Cheney remained at home. Neither invocation received much attention in the press. In the view of commentator Adam Gustafson, George W. Bush's unambiguous application of Section 3 "rectified" President Reagan's "ambivalent invocation" and provided an example of a "smooth and temporary transition" under Section 3 that
no attempt to cuff him until he lay still. A subsequent test of King for the presence of PCP in his body at the time of the arrest was negative. Unbeknownst to the police and King, the incident was captured on a camcorder by local civilian George Holliday from his nearby apartment across from Hansen Dam. The tape was roughly 12 minutes long. While the tape was presented during the trial, some clips of the incident were not released to
no biddable suit coupled with a request that partner bid something (a takeout double). Whether doubling or overcalling over opponents' 1NT is natural or conventional. One common artificial agreement is Cappelletti, where 2♣ shows a hand with one strong suit, 2♦ means both majors and a major shows that suit plus a minor. Whether opening bids at the two level are 'strong' (20+ points) or 'weak' (i.e., pre-emptive with a 6 card suit). (Note: an opening bid of 2♣ is
no trump (the denomination), provided that it is higher than the last bid by any player, including their partner. All bids promise to take a number of tricks in excess of six, so a bid must be between one (seven tricks) and seven (thirteen tricks). A bid is higher than another bid if either the level is greater (e.g., 2♣ over 1NT) or the denomination is higher at the same level, with the order being in ascending (or alphabetical) order:
non-competitive bids, which indicates interest to purchase the debt obligation at the resulting price, whatever it may be. Some states use courts to run such auctions. In spectrum auctions conducted by the government, companies purchase licenses to use portions of the electromagnetic spectrum for communications (e.g., mobile phone networks). In certain jurisdictions, if a storage facility's tenant fails to pay rent, the contents of their locker(s) may be sold at a public auction. Several television shows focus on such auctions,
northern Vietnam from Nanyue. Han involvement in Central Asia and Sogdia helped establish the land route of the Silk Road, replacing the earlier path over the Himalayas to India. Han China gradually became the largest economy of the ancient world. Despite the Han's initial decentralization and the official abandonment of the Qin philosophy of Legalism in favor of Confucianism, Qin's legalist institutions and policies continued to be employed by the Han government and its successors. After the end of the
not EU members, but have partly committed to the EU's economy and regulations: Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, which are a part of the single market through the European Economic Area, and Switzerland, which has similar ties through bilateral treaties. The relationships of the European microstates Andorra, Monaco, San Marino, and Vatican City include the use of the euro and other areas of co-operation. Subdivisions of member-states are based on the Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS), a geocode standard
not balance. Advance cue bid The cue bid of a first round control that occurs before a partnership has agreed on a strain. Advance sacrifice A sacrifice bid made before the opponents have had an opportunity to determine their optimum contract. For example: 1♦ – (1♠) – Dbl – (5♠). Advancer Overcaller's partner, especially one who bids following the overcall. Adverse vulnerability Vulnerable against non-vulnerable opponents. Also called "unfavorable vulnerability". Aggregate scoring Deciding the outcome of a contest by totaling
not been anticipated by Pakistani planners, however. The main phase of Operation Searchlight ended with the fall of the last major town in Bengali hands in mid-May. The total number of people killed in East Pakistan is not known with any degree of accuracy. Bangladeshi authorities claim that 3 million people were killed, while the Hamoodur Rahman Commission, an official Pakistani Government investigation, put the figure as low as 26,000 civilian casualties. In her widely discredited book Dead Reckoning: Memories
not cost him any games. San Francisco managed to win their final six games to finish with a 10–6 record but they failed to make the postseason, marking the first time in Rice's career that the 49ers failed to do so. During the 1992 season, a quarterback controversy swirled around Montana and Young. Rice openly supported Montana, but Young ended up starting, while Montana rehabbed. Wanting a high-value contract, Rice skipped training camp. He eventually signed with the 49ers for
not interested in it at the moment, but did not deny the possibility of returning sometime in the future. In a Sunday Times interview in August 2025, Columbus confirmed that he maintains close relationships with the original cast but has not spoken to Rowling in "a decade or so". He went on to state that Rowling's anti-trans views mean that a movie version of The Cursed Child with the original cast is "never going to happen". In an interview with
not properly assigned to the judiciary. It also held that for a political question, it was up to Congress to determine whether an amendment with no time limit for ratification is still viable after a long time based on "the political, social and economic conditions which have prevailed during the period since the submission of the amendment". Watson used $6,000 of his own money to sponsor his nationwide effort. When Watson began his campaign in early 1982, he was aware
not reached this should be clearly declared. In South Africa, auctioneers can use their staff or any bidder to raise the price as long as it is disclosed before the auction sale. Rael Levitt's companies The Auction Alliance controversy focused on vendor bidding and led to its downfall in 2012. There will usually be an estimate of what price the lot will fetch. In an ascending open auction, it is considered important to get at least a 50-percent increase in
not welcome the break-up of Pakistan's unity by the East Pakistani politicians, and effectively vetoed the membership of Bangladesh when it applied to the United Nations in 1972. China objected to admitting Bangladesh on the grounds that two UN resolutions concerning Bangladesh, requiring the repatriation of Pakistani POWs and civilians, had not yet been implemented. Furthermore, China was also among the last countries to recognise the independence of Bangladesh, refusing to do so until 31 August 1975. To this date,
not whom the governor may appoint. Sanford Levinson, in his rebuttal to Amar, argues that rather than engaging in a textual interpretation, those examining the meaning of constitutional provisions should interpret them in the fashion that provides the most benefit, and that legislatures' being able to restrict gubernatorial appointment authority provides a substantial benefit to the states. Notwithstanding controversies over the effects of the Seventeenth Amendment, advocates have emerged to reform or repeal the amendment. At the beginning of President
note that in China there is no clear boundary between the three doctrines and local folk religious practices. Chinese religions or some of their currents are also definable as non-theistic and humanistic, since they do not hold that divine creativity is completely transcendent, but that it is inherent in the world and in particular in the human being. In 2023, according to surveys done by Pew Research, 93% of respondents were formally unaffiliated with any religion. However, in terms of
noted that the books present a rigidly stratified society and include many social stereotypes. However, Karin Westerman drew parallels with 1990s Britain: a class system that was breaking down but defended by those whose power and status it upheld; the multi-ethnic composition of Hogwarts' students; the racial tensions between the various intelligent species; and school bullying. Susan Hall wrote that there is no rule of law in the books, as the actions of Ministry of Magic officials are unconstrained by
noticeably high card when this is unexpected can signal encouragement to continue playing the suit, and a low card can signal discouragement and a desire for partner to choose some other suit. (Some partnerships use "reverse" signals, meaning that a noticeably high card discourages that suit and a noticeably low card encourages that suit, thus not "wasting" a potentially useful intermediate card in the suit of interest.) Suit preference signals cover the situation where a defender is returning a suit
notrump opening bids (often 10–12 HCP), four-card majors, and undisciplined weak-two bids. Eight ever, nine never A bridge maxim that advises players when to finesse for a missing queen. With eight cards in the suit, always ("ever") finesse; but with nine cards, never finesse, rather play for the queen to drop under the play of the ace and king. Experienced players often ignore this advice in favor of considerations such as the danger hand, combination play, and the known or
novice" < *niwi "new" + -wald, cf OHG niwi, niuwi "novice, beginner") nigauder nigauderie nippe "clothes" nipper nique "a mocking gesture" ( < ON < Gmc, cf Swed nyck "trick") niquer niquedouille nope "small knot" nord "north" nordique Normand "Norman" Normandie noue "gutter-lead" nouille "noodle" nuque "nape of the neck" O.K. "O.K." off "Off-Broadway" off-shore (also offshore) "offshore" offset "paper used in offset printing processes" oflag "camp where captive officers in Germany were held during WWII" ohé (Interj.) "hey!, halt!"
now contains only high trumps and there's no need to play the hand out to prove they are all winners. (The trick-by-trick notation used above can be also expressed in tabular form, but a textual explanation is usually preferred in practice, for reader's convenience. Plays of small cards or discards are often omitted from such a description, unless they were important for the outcome). North-South score the required 10 tricks, and their opponents take the remaining three. The contract is
now often called, was revised by Cooper himself in 1907 and 1909. His son-in-law published the book in 1927, including an appendix compiled by revision committee. The Sacred Harp Book Company was formed in 1949, and subsequent revision has been supervised by editorial committees under its instruction. New editions were issued in 1950, 1960, 1992, 2000, 2006 and 2012. In the original core geographic area of Sacred Harp singing, northern Alabama and Georgia, the singers did not in general take
nuclear know-how and other complex technologies are no longer considered inaccessible daydreams for Muslim nations of the region." In 2017, Iran's leader Ayatollah Khamenei said that Kashmiris are being oppressed. He also urged Muslim world to "openly support people of Kashmir and repudiate oppressors and tyrants who attacked people in Ramadan". By 2019, after India had removed the autonomy of its administered Kashmir, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan thanked Iran's Supreme Leader, for his support of Pakistan's position on the
nuclear weapons technology in 1990, but had been firmly rejected. Centrifuge technology was transferred in 1989; since then, there have been no further atoms for peace agreements. In 2005, IAEA evidence revealed that the centrifuge designs transferred in 1989 were based on early commercial power plant technology, and were riddled with technical errors; the designs were not evidence of an active nuclear weapons program. On May 26, 2025, Pakistani Prime Minister Shahbaz Sharif, during a joint press conference with Iranian
number of Victory Points, either 20 or 30, are divided between the two teams in accordance with the following scales: 20-point scale Example: A team winning by 12 IMPs would receive 15 VPs and their opponents 5. 30-point scale Example: A team winning by 12 IMPs would receive 25 VPs and their opponents 5. In the 1932 Laws of Contract Bridge, notrump tricks bid and made, and undoubled notrump tricks made but not bid, score 30, 40, 30, 40, 30,
number of cards held in a suit by an opponent. (Noun) In squeeze play, the number of tricks that declarer must lose before the squeeze can function. See rectify the count. Count signal A defensive card play that shows whether the player has an even or odd number of cards in a suit. Coup Any extremely skillful play. Any of several specific play techniques, such as the Scissors coup, Trump coup, Devil's coup or Vienna coup. Coup en passant The
number of foreign countries. Other prominent singing conventions outside the South include, for example, the Keystone Convention in Pennsylvania, the Missouri Convention, and the Minnesota State Convention, which began in 1990. In more recent times Sacred Harp singing has spread beyond the borders of the United States. The United Kingdom has had an active Sacred Harp community since the 1990s. The first UK Sacred Harp convention took place in 1996. There are active regular local singings and all-day singings in
number of tricks by which a contract is defeated ("a two-trick set"). Set game In rubber bridge, an agreement that partners will not change at the end of each rubber. Set up Establish. SF Semi-forcing. Shaded (Of a call) A call that is not quite warranted by the strength of the hand making it. Shape The distribution of suits in a hand. Shift 1) (Verb) To lead a suit other than the one already played. 2) (Noun) In the bidding,
numbered table, and the boards are moved to the next lower numbered table. Unless an arrow switch is performed, the effect is to create two events, a "North-South" contest and an "East-West" contest, with separate winning pairs, though a single winner can still be determined by comparing percentage results. Mixed 1) Of an event: contested by pairs or teams in which every pair comprises one male and one female player. 2) In the auction: A mixed raise is, by agreement,
numerous multilateral and regional organizations. Making up around one-fifth of the world's economy, China is the second-wealthiest country in the world, with the Chinese economy being the largest when adjusted for PPP. However, China ranks poorly in measures of democracy and human rights. China has been one of the fastest-growing modern economies and is the world's largest manufacturer and exporter, as well as the second-largest importer. China has the world's largest standing army, second-largest defense budget, and third-largest nuclear weapons
object if they believe West is not the correct hand to lead. After that, North's cards are laid on the table and North becomes dummy, as both the North and South hands will be controlled by the declarer. West turns the lead card face up, and the declarer studies the two hands to make a plan for the play. On this hand, the trump ace, a spade, and a diamond trick must be lost, so declarer must not lose a
oblige Bhutto. In July 1977, following political agitation by an opposition alliance, Bhutto was forced out of office in a military coup d'état. The new military dictatorship government, under General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, was ideologically ultraconservative and religiously oriented in its nature and approach in contrast to the more secular Iran at the time. Bhutto was ousted by General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in a military coup. This was followed a half year later by the Iranian Revolution, which established an Islamic republic
occasions to counter the international pressure on its nuclear program to subsequently work on civil nuclear power, instead of an active nuclear weapons program. On international front, Pakistan has been a great advocate for Iranian usage of nuclear energy for economics and civil infrastructure while it steadily stop any Iranian acquisition of nuclear weapons, fearing another nuclear-armed race with Saudi Arabia. In a speech at Harvard University in 2010, Pakistan's foreign minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi justified Iran's nuclear program as
occur in western Europe, while southern Europe experiences a wet season and a dry season. Southern Europe is hot and dry during the summer months. The heaviest precipitation occurs downwind of water bodies due to the prevailing westerlies, with higher amounts also seen in the Alps. In 1957, when the European Economic Community was founded, it had no environmental policy. Over the past 50 years, an increasingly dense network of legislation has been created, extending to all areas of environmental
of "Football's 100 Greatest Players". In 2010, he was chosen by NFL Network's NFL Films production The Top 100: NFL's Greatest Players as the greatest player in NFL history. Rice played college football for four seasons with the Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils, setting several National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and team receiving records, including becoming the all-time leader in NCAA receiving touchdowns. He joined the 49ers after being selected with the 16th overall pick of the 1985 NFL draft.
of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time". The editors wrote, "Close your eyes and you can imagine how it might've changed the world in 1968 [sic], but with Wilson's influence still all over scads of indie bands in 2004, it sounds and feels majestically modern." In 2022, it was ranked number 102 on Uncut's list of the greatest albums released since 1997, as well as number 21 on Rolling Stone's list of the greatest concept albums in history. The
of "Wonderful" and "Cabinessence" were also added. Within a few months, he performed "Our Prayer" and "Heroes and Villains" during an appearance on Late Night with Conan O'Brien. During rehearsals for the Pet Sounds concerts in January 2002, Wilson met with Sahanaja, Ledbetter, and concert promoter Glenn Max. There, Max discussed with the band what could logically follow, concluding that performing Smile was the only way to top the success of Pet Sounds. The idea of performing material from Smile
of 100–200 mm and with a width of approximately 2–7 mm. The range of the instrument varies with the size of the instrument but generally hovers around an octave span. The Kyrgyz people are exceptionally proficient on the instrument and it is quite popular among children, although some adults continue to play the instrument. Temir komuz pieces were notated by Aleksandr Zataevich in two or three parts. An octave drone is possible, or even an ostinato alternating the fifth step
of 2016. In the United States and Canada, the book sold over 2 million copies in its first two days of release. 847,885 copies were sold during the book's first week of release in the United Kingdom. By June 2017, the book had sold over 4.5 million copies in the United States. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has received a range of reviews from critics. Some audiences and critics have complimented the casting and performances, while many debate the
of 2024, China has over 3,167 universities, with over 47.6 million students enrolled in mainland China, giving China the largest higher education system in the world. As of 2025, China had the world's highest number of top universities. As of 2025, there were 2 Chinese universities in the global top 20, 5 in the top 50, and 19 in the top 200, behind only the United States and the United Kingdom in terms of the overall representation in the Aggregate
of 2♦ by the 1NT rebidder) which says nothing about responder's strain. It is just a forcing bid to show an invitational hand. On the other hand, a rebid of 2♦ after a 1NT rebid is an artificial game force. Two-way Drury An inquiry about the third (or sometimes fourth) position opener's strength in a major suit. 2♣ shows 3-card support, while an inquiry made with 2♦ shows four cards in opener's suit. Two-way finesse A finesse that could be
of 47 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 7.0/10. The website's consensus reads: "Having achieved mastery over its formula, Cobra Kai's sixth and final season doesn't hit as hard but still maintains excellent form." On Metacritic, it received a weighted score of 67 out of 100, based on 11 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The first episode, which was posted on YouTube for free along with episode two, had been viewed 5.4 million times within the first
of 63 people died during the riots, including nine shot by police and one by the National Guard. Of those killed during the riots, 2 were Asian, 28 were Black, 19 were Latino, and 14 were white. No law enforcement officials died during the riots. As many as 2,383 people were reported injured. Estimates of the material losses vary between about $800 million and $1 billion. Approximately 3,600 fires were set, destroying 1,100 buildings, with fire calls coming once every
of Bangladesh Zillur Rahman and the Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina conferred Bangladesh Liberation War Honour and Friends of Liberation War Honour to 75 people, six organisations, Mitra Bahini and the people of India at a special ceremony at the Bangabandhu International Conference Centre, Dhaka. This included eight heads of states: former Nepalese President Ram Baran Yadav, the third King of Bhutan Jigme Dorji Wangchuck, former Soviet General Secretary Leonid IIyich Brezhnev, former Soviet head of state Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny, former
of California Music's single "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" represents his only "serious" work throughout this period. Wilson's consumption of food, cigarettes, alcohol, and other drugs, including heroin, increased during this period, and his weight reached 240 pounds (110 kg). In 1975, to address his declining health, band manager Stephen Love appointed his brother Stan, a professional basketball player, as Wilson's bodyguard, trainer, and caretaker. A family intervention involving the band's lawyers and accountants was arranged to remind Wilson
of Dahl's stories. For example, the hero of James and the Giant Peach lost his parents and had to live with a pair of unpleasant aunts‍—‌one fat and one thin rather like Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, who treated Harry as a servant. However Harry Potter was a distinctive creation, able to take on the responsibilities of an adult while remaining a child inside. Librarian Nancy Knapp and marketing professor Stephen Brown noted the liveliness and detail of descriptions, especially of
of Decider wrote that the season "continues to romanticize the British royal family, but the romance comes from how they're normal, not divine". Less complimentary reviews saw the season criticised for what some regarded as failing to meet the emotional intensity of the first. John Doyle wrote for Globe and Mail that despite being "lavishly made" and "breathtaking", it "now leans toward a three-hanky weeper about marriage. It is less than it was, like the monarchy itself, and of interest
of EU law to the CJEU (a preliminary reference). However, it is ultimately for the national court to apply the resulting interpretation (the preliminary ruling) to the facts of any given case. Although, only courts of final appeal are bound to refer a question of EU law when one is addressed. The treaties give the CJEU the power for consistent application of EU law across the EU as a whole. The court also acts as an administrative and constitutional court
of Europe. Wilson mostly avoided the mixing sessions. Linett said, "Brian would come in, make comments, take stuff home, then make more comments. The third time he came in, I gave him a CD and I said: 'Hey, there it is. Smile, ready to play on your CD player.' I swear you could see something change in him. And he's been different ever since." According to Sahanaja, Wilson held the CD to his chest and said, "'I'm going to hold
of First Instance. Since the amendments to the Statute of the CJEU in October 2024, the Court of Justice shares its jurisdiction over references for a preliminary ruling with the General Court. The General Court is since then competent to handle preliminary references falling under one of the six following areas: the common system of value added tax; excise duties; the Customs Code; the tariff classification of goods under the Combined Nomenclature; compensation and assistance to passengers in the event
of Florence and Normandie. As the crowd began to turn physically dangerous, Bartholomew managed to flee the scene with the help of Goldman. Someone hit Bartholomew with a wood plank, breaking his jaw, while others pounded him and grabbed his camera. Just after 6 p.m., a group of young men broke the padlock and windows to Tom's Liquor, allowing a group of more than 100 people to raid the store and loot it. Concurrently, the growing number of rioters in
of India's restraint. By mid July, India had settled on a plan of attack. The ground in the East would be drier by mid November, which would make a rapid offensive easier. By early to mid December, the Himalayan passes would be closed by snow, limiting China's ability to intervene. The news media's mood in Pakistan had turned increasingly jingoistic and militaristic against East Pakistan and India when the Pakistani news media reported the complexity of the situation in the
of Ireland that are incorporated into the Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom Armorial of the House of Plantagenet List of British monarchs List of English monarchs List of Scottish monarchs Cadency labels of the British royal family Royal Cypher#Commonwealth realms Royal badges of England Royal Badge of Wales Royal Standard of the United Kingdom Flag of the United Kingdom Royal Family Coats of Arms Heraldica.org — The Royal Arms of Great Britain HM Government Identity Guidelines 2022
of Israel. July 16 – At the 1992 Democratic National Convention, Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton accepts his party's presidential nomination on behalf of the "forgotten middle class". July 17 – The Slovak National Council declares Slovakia an independent country, signaling the breakup of Czechoslovakia. July 19 Via D'Amelio bombing: A car bomb placed by the Sicilian Mafia (with the collaboration of Italian intelligence) kills judge Paolo Borsellino and five members of his police escort. The Cabinet of Israel approves a
of Italian intelligence) kills judge Paolo Borsellino and five members of his police escort. The Cabinet of Israel approves a freeze on new Israeli settlement in the occupied territories, a move expected to reinvigorate the Middle East Peace Process. July 20 – Václav Havel resigns as president of Czechoslovakia. July 21 – The Transnistria War ends with a ceasefire. July 22 – Near Medellín, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar escapes from his luxury prison, fearing extradition to the United States.
of Korean descent; some merchants at flea markets removed merchandise from shelves, and they fortified storefronts with extra Plexiglas and bars. Throughout the region, merchants readied to defend themselves, and others formed armed militia groups. College student Elizabeth Hwang spoke of the attacks on her parents' convenience store in 1992. She said at the time of the 1993 trial, they had been armed with a Glock 17 pistol, a Beretta, and a shotgun, and they planned to barricade themselves in
of Landy's aides retrieved him. As Wilson's recovery consolidated, he participated in recording The Beach Boys (June 1985), a release touted as his "comeback". He then curtailed regular collaborations with the band to pursue a solo career under Landy's guidance. In 1986, he worked with former collaborator Gary Usher at Usher's studio, producing roughly a dozen songs—most unreleased—with one track, "Let's Go to Heaven in My Car", appearing on the Police Academy 3 (1986) soundtrack. This body of work became
of Lisbon in 2009. Its beginnings can be traced to the Inner Six states (Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and West Germany) at the start of modern European integration in 1948, and to the Western Union, the International Authority for the Ruhr, the European Coal and Steel Community, the European Economic Community and the European Atomic Energy Community, which were established by treaties. These increasingly amalgamated bodies grew, with their legal successor the EU, both in size through the
of Magical Law Enforcement at the Ministry of Magic. When Albus arrives at Hogwarts to get sorted into Gryffindor, he gets officially sorted into Slytherin and feels unable to live up to his father's legacy, making him resentful of his father. Rowling has referred to the play as "the eighth Harry Potter story". From its premiere, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has received mostly positive reviews from critics for its performances, story, illusions, and stage wizardry, though reception from
of Marathi films of 1997 List of Tamil films of 1997 List of Telugu films of 1997 List of Japanese films of 1997 List of Mexican films of 1997 List of Pakistani films of 1997 List of Russian films of 1997 List of South Korean films of 1997 List of Spanish films of 1997 List of action films of 1997 List of animated feature films of 1997 List of avant-garde films of 1997 List of crime films of 1997 List
of Pakistan Army forces in East Pakistan signed the Instrument of Surrender. At the time of surrender only a few countries had provided diplomatic recognition to the new nation. Over 93,000 Pakistani troops surrendered to the Indian forces and Bangladesh Liberation forces, making it the largest surrender since World War II. Bangladesh sought admission to the UN with most voting in its favor. China vetoed this as Pakistan was its key ally. The United States, also a key ally of
of Paul McCartney's "Wanderlust" was included on the tribute album The Art of McCartney in November. Released in April 2015, No Pier Pressure marked another collaboration between Wilson and Joe Thomas, featuring guest appearances from Jardine, Marks, Chaplin, and others. The album reached the U.S. top 30, but critical reaction was mixed due to its adult contemporary arrangements and extensive use of autotune. Later that year, Sahanaja was asked if Wilson was reaching the end of his career as a
of Portuguese words of Germanic origin List of Galician words of Germanic origin List of French words of Gaulish origin Auguste Brachet, An Etymological Dictionary of the French Language: Third Edition Auguste Scheler, "Dictionnaire d'étymologie française d'après les résultats de la science moderne" (in French) Centre National de Ressources Textuelles et Lexicales (in French) Dictionary.com Friedrich Diez, "An Etymological Dictionary of the Romance Languages" Dossier des Latinistes, La Greffe Germanique (in French) Thomason, Sarah Grey; Kaufman, Terrence (1991) [1988]. Language
of Quirrell's head. Professor Severus Snape, who has a hooked nose, sallow complexion, and greasy black hair, teaches Potions, but would prefer to teach Defence Against the Dark Arts. Snape favours pupils in his own House of Slytherin, and appears to delight in humiliating those from other houses, especially Harry. Several incidents, beginning with the shooting pain in Harry's scar during the start-of-term feast, lead Harry and his friends to think Snape is aiding Voldemort. Argus Filch, the school caretaker
of Saudi Arabia. Nixon gave permission for Jordan to send ten F-104s and promised to provide replacements. According to author Martin Bowman, "Libyan F-5s were reportedly deployed to Sargodha AFB, perhaps as a potential training unit to prepare Pakistani pilots for an influx of more F-5s from Saudi Arabia." Libyan dictator Gaddafi also personally directed a strongly worded letter to Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi accusing her of aggression against Pakistan, which endeared him to all Pakistanis. In addition to
of Sirimavo Bandaranaike following a neutral non-aligned foreign policy. As Pakistani aircraft could not fly over Indian territory, they would have to take a longer route around India and so they stopped at Bandaranaike Airport in Sri Lanka where they were refuelled before flying to East Pakistan. This decision did not strain relations between Ceylon and India. As many Arab countries were allied with both the United States and Pakistan, it was easy for Kissinger to encourage them to participate.
of Sound techniques in pursuit of "audio clarity" and "a more lush, comfortable feel" rather than cumulatively building the arrangement to "the eleventh degree". Wilson's vocal style was shaped by studying the Four Freshmen, from whom he developed a versatile head voice that allowed him to hit high notes without resorting to falsetto, although he did use falsetto on some Beach Boys tracks. He recalled that he "learned how to sing falsetto" through listening to Four Freshmen renditions. Rosemary Clooney
of South India, or the Morchang in the folk music of Rajasthan. Indian morchangs are made in many metals but mainly in brass, iron, copper and silver. Brass murchangs are manufactured from ancient Indian manufacturing style brass metal casting. Brass molding is a process of shaping brass, into desired shapes using a mold. The brass is heated to a molten state and then poured or forced into the mold, where it cools and solidifies into the desired shape. Brass molding
of St. James in the 15th year of our reign 2nd August 1924 by His Majesty's command. The supporters were granted in 1925: a red lion rampant, as on the Royal Banner of Scotland, to represent the Ulster Scots, and an Irish elk to represent the "native element". The lion bears a flag with the Irish harp and the Irish elk bears a flag with the arms of the De Burgh family (described above). The supporters were blazoned as follows:
of Staff, Chief of Air Staff, Chief of Naval Staff and other senior military and civil officials. Former prime minister and PPP chairperson Benazir Bhutto paid Tikka Khan tribute in a message to his son Colonel Khalid Masud; she described the Colonel's father as one who "rose to the highest offices of this country due to his hard work and respect for the rule of law". The Blood telegram Zaheer, Hasan: The separation of East Pakistan : The rise and
of State. He was awarded a PhD at Harvard in 1954, and swiftly transitioned in to the American political system working with the likes of Nelson Rockefeller, Chester Bowles and Lucius Clay. He worked with Rockefeller on various projects until 1968, who, impressed with Kissinger's professionalism gave word to Nixon to offer him a role as the president's assistant for National Security Affairs in 1968. Kissinger became National Security Adviser in 1969 and Secretary of State in 1973. Relations between
of Supplemental Poverty Measure Thresholds: Using the American Community Survey Five-Year Data on Housing Costs Accessed November 27, 2012. The Research Supplemental Poverty Measure Accessed June 5, 2014.
of The Wrap saw dry comedy in Northam's portrayal of Prime Minister Eden, stating: "I'm assuming that creator Peter Morgan meant for it to be comedy. There's really no other explanation for why Jeremy Northam played Prime Minister Anthony Eden like he's having a nervous breakdown in every scene." The Crown season 2 on Netflix The Crown at IMDb
of True Detective that took place at a Baptist revival ceremony. On 13 December 2018, while shooting the final episode for Series 3, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a fourth series. However they would retire the tent format and instead focus on large budget car specials, on staggered dates rather than regular episodes. Wilman said that lawyers for Amazon were very mindful of any perceived similarities in segments to Top Gear, requiring changes to the
of Yahya Khan—launched Operation Searchlight against East Pakistanis on the night of 25 March 1971, initiating the Bangladesh genocide. In response to the violence, members of the Mukti Bahini—a guerrilla resistance movement formed by Bengali military, paramilitary and civilians—launched a mass guerrilla war against the Pakistani military, liberating numerous towns and cities in the war's initial months. At first, the Pakistan Army regained momentum during the monsoon, but Bengali guerrillas counterattacked by carrying out widespread sabotage, including through Operation Jackpot
of Zhou Enlai. The final part of the book looks to the future of Sino-American relations, critiquing the areas which prevent the US and China from developing a mutually beneficial relationship whilst warning of the consequences of another cold war. The book is a combination of pure history, discussion of foreign policy and personal narration of Kissinger's experiences in China. It does not fit in to the genre of autobiography, memoir or monograph, but can be considered part reminiscence, part
of a candle flame, which was intended to ensure that no one could know exactly when the auction would end and make a last-second bid. Sometimes, other unpredictable events, such as a footrace, were used instead of the expiration of a candle. This type of auction was first mentioned in 1641 in the records of the House of Lords. The practice rapidly became popular, and in 1660 Samuel Pepys' diary recorded two occasions when the Admiralty sold surplus ships "by
of a comic notrump might run to his long suit if doubled. Establish To make winners of the remaining cards in a suit by playing or forcing out higher cards. Even A split with the same number of cards in each hand. A 2–2 split is an even split. Of the number of cards in a suit found in a hand: two cards, four cards, and so on. Event A duplicate bridge contest. Exclusion bid A bid, such as 2♦
of a commercially available computer program which performs double dummy hand analysis. Defeat (Said of the contract). To prevent declarer from taking the number of tricks called for by his contract. Also, set. Defence Declarer's opponents or their line of play. Defenders The pair that tries to defeat the contract. Defensive bidding A bid or sequence of bids designed to hinder the opponents' bidding, including sacrifices. All bidding by the partnership which does not open, which necessarily begins with a
of a diplomatic clerk or an announcer. Another theory is that British soldiers invented the game bridge while serving in the Crimean War, and named it after the Galata Bridge, which they crossed on their way to a coffeehouse to play cards. Biritch had many significant bridge-like developments: dealer chose the trump suit, or nominated his partner to do so; there was a call of "no trumps" (biritch); dealer's partner's hand became dummy; points were scored above and below the
of academic interest, and may be used to model lobbying or bribery (bids are political contributions) or competitions such as a running race. Bidding fee auction, a variation of all-pay auction, also known as a penny auction, often requires that each participant must pay a fixed price to place each bid, typically one penny (hence the name) higher than the current bid. When an auction's time period expires, the highest bidder wins the item and must pay a final bid
of advanced medical facilities, China has several emerging public health problems, such as respiratory illnesses caused by widespread air pollution, hundreds of millions of cigarette smokers, and an increase in obesity among urban youths. Chinese mental health services are inadequate. China's large population and densely populated cities have led to serious disease outbreaks, such as SARS in 2003, although this has since been largely contained. The COVID-19 pandemic was first identified in Wuhan in December 2019; pandemic led the government
of air pollution, after India, with approximately 1 million deaths. Although China ranks as the highest CO2 emitting country, it only emits 8 tons of CO2 per capita, significantly lower than developed countries such as the United States (16.1), Australia (16.8) and South Korea (13.6). Greenhouse gas emissions by China are the world's largest. 90.4% of China's national surface water was graded suitable for human consumption by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2024. China has prioritized clamping down
of an "axis of evil" (alongside Iraq and North Korea) also led some Iranian officials to presume that Tehran might be next in line for regime change, ending whatever détente had occurred in Iran–U.S. ties under Mohammad Khatami. Bush's emphasis on transformative diplomacy and democratization accompanied by an aggressive American military campaign worried Iranian leaders further. Nevertheless, changes in geopolitics have increased strategic convergence between the two countries, With the alienation of Pakistan and the United States, China has become
of an impending coup d'état by junior military officers against President Yahya Khan swept the country. To forestall further unrest, on 20 December 1971, he handed over the presidency and government to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, the ambitious leader of the (at that time) powerful and popular People's Party. Yahya became the highest-ranking official in what remained of Pakistan to be forced out due to the war. Within hours of Yahya Khan stepping down, President Bhutto reversed the Judge Advocate General
of authority. John Feerick, the principal draftsman of the amendment, writes that Congress deliberately left the terms unable and inability undefined "since cases of inability could take various forms not neatly fitting into [a rigid] definition [...] The debates surrounding the Twenty-fifth Amendment indicate that [those terms] are intended to cover all cases in which some condition or circumstance prevents the President from discharging his powers and duties". A survey of scholarship on the amendment found no specific threshold—medical or
of biographer and filmmaker David Leaf prompted Wilson to play the song on piano, to the astonishment of everybody present. Sahanaja later said, "If you had even mentioned it to him a month earlier, he would have freaked." Wilson subsequently agreed to perform the song at a forthcoming tribute show held in his honor at the Radio City Music Hall in New York. At that event, various artists performed his songs, including "Our Prayer" and "Surf's Up", with his band
of capacity, safety, efficiency and environmental impact. Civil aviation safety is under the responsibility of the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA). It carries out certification, regulation and standardisation and also performs investigation and monitoring. The idea of a European-level aviation safety authority goes back to 1996, but the agency was only legally established in 2002, and began operating in 2003. Rail transportation is organised under the TEN-T by the Trans-European Rail network, made up of the high-speed rail network
of civil society, and the country was plunged into a bloody civil war. Fatima Bhutto called him "a soldier known for his eager use of force". He became notorious as the "Butcher of Bengal." In September 1971, Governor Tikka Khan was replaced with a civilian government led by a governor and a cabinet drawn from different political parties. Tikka Khan was recalled to Pakistan, relinquishing the Eastern Command to Lieutenant General Amir Khan Niazi, and given command of the II
of commodities than was previously practical. In the 1990s, the multi-attribute auction was invented to negotiate extensive conditions of construction and electricity contracts via auction. Also during this time, OnSale.com developed the Yankee auction as its trademark. In the early 2000s, the Brazilian auction was invented as a new type of auction to trade gas through electronic auctions for Linde plc in Brazil. With the emergence of the internet, online auctions have developed, with eBay being the most typical example.
of consequences for impeding on Pakistan's airspace and sovereignty, and dissolving diplomatic relations with Iran. Pakistan claimed that "2 innocent children were killed". The spokesperson for the Foreign ministry of Affairs of Pakistan stated "Pakistan reserves the right to respond to this illegal act". On 17 January 2024, Pakistan announced the return of its ambassador in protest against the missiles and drones Iran launched into its territory the prior day. Later that day, Pakistan claimed responsibility for a series of
of considerable controversy in the 1990s and beyond. Duplicate bridge A form of bridge where every deal is played at several tables, by several pairs, and their scores on each deal are subsequently compared. A minimum of two tables (four pairs) are required for a duplicate bridge event. Each entry might be a pair, or a team consisting of two or more pairs; the type of scoring varies accordingly. The hands of each deal are kept in metal or plastic
of digital tweaks, and precious little sweet inspiration; showing if anything that there never was a realised record". In 2009, BWPS was named the 88th best album of the decade by Rolling Stone. In 2010, it was included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. In 2020, it was ranked number 399 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time". The editors wrote, "Close your eyes and you can imagine how it
of dirty water over Cheng and his gang as revenge for Cheng's rebellious behavior to him, causing them to chase and brutally beat Dre. Maintenance man Mr. Han intervenes and fends off the bullies, revealing himself to be a kung fu master. Han heals Dre's injuries using the Chinese medicine methods of fire cupping. He explains that Cheng and his friends are not inherently bad, but are taught to be merciless by their teacher, Master Li. Dre asks Han to
of early November it was reported that she had received a bid for 900,000 rubles (about US$27,700), and that local police in Krasnoyarsk said no laws would be violated. At least one report stated that the same woman had appeared to sell her virginity on another site in April 2013 at age 17. In March 2014, an alleged 27-year-old American medical student using the name "Elizabeth Raine" announced she was auctioning her virginity, citing Dylan as an inspiration. Raine asserted
of ethical conduct or etiquette; an action that violates the proprieties. IMPs The form of duplicate bridge that uses International Match Points as a scoring method, as distinct from a tournament scored using matchpoints (MPs). In back of A card or holding that is to the left of, or behind, or over another. To say that the ♠A is in back of the ♠K is to say that the ace is to the left of the king, or behind it,
of excessive force against their residents by Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officers. Daryl Gates, Chief of the LAPD from 1978 to 1992, has been blamed for the riots. According to one study, "scandalous racist violence... marked the LAPD under Gates' tempestuous leadership." Under Gates, the LAPD had begun Operation Hammer in April 1987, which was a large-scale militarized push in Los Angeles. The city, like other large metropolitan areas in United States, was also largely affected by a wave
of global military spending and accounting for 1.7% of the country's GDP. But on a Purchasing Power Parity basis, China's 2024 military budget was the equivalent of US$567 billion. The PLA is commanded by the Central Military Commission (CMC) of the party and the state; though officially two separate organizations, the two CMCs have identical membership except during leadership transition periods and effectively function as one organization. The chairman of the CMC is the commander-in-chief of the PLA, who maintains
of his own money to sponsor his nationwide effort. When Watson began his campaign in early 1982, he was aware of ratification by only six states and erroneously believed that Virginia's 1791 approval was the last action a state had taken. He discovered in 1983 that Ohio had approved the amendment in 1873 as a means of protest against the Salary Grab Act and learned in 1984 that Wyoming had done the same in 1978, as a protest against a
of his surviving bandmates from the Beach Boys, who declined to appear in the film. Brian Wilson: Long Promised Road, directed by Brent Wilson (no relation), premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in June 2021. It is focused on the previous two decades of Wilson's life, with appearances from Bruce Springsteen, Elton John, Jim James, Nick Jonas, Taylor Hawkins, Don Was, and Jakob Dylan. Nine-time Grammy Award nominee, two-time winner. Notes List of people with absolute pitch List of people
of history, personal narrative, political analysis and reflection being compiled in to 17 chapters. One reviewer delineates the book is an "attempt to explain Chinese diplomacy to an American audience, to review the course of U.S.–China relations, and briefly but incisively to address the challenge of sustaining a mutually beneficial interaction". In the first few chapters of the book Kissinger provides a history of the Chinese view on international affairs and their concepts of international relations. He focuses on Chinese
of its third-season premiere. As YouTube was not interested in renewing the series for a fourth season, the producers wanted to find a streaming venue that would leave that option open. The show moved to Netflix in June 2020, taking the third season with them. The third, fourth, and fifth seasons were released in January 2021, December 2021, and September 2022, respectively. A fourth season was renewed, prior to season three being released, and was released on December 31, 2021.
of labour-power constitutes the conscious and explicit foundation of the trade unions, whose importance for the ... working class can scarcely be overestimated. The trade unions aim at nothing less than to prevent the reduction of wages below the level that is traditionally maintained in the various branches of industry. That is to say, they wish to prevent the price of labour-power from falling below its value" (Capital V1, 1867, p. 1069). Early socialists also saw trade unions as a
of labour-power from falling below its value" (Capital V1, 1867, p. 1069). Early socialists also saw trade unions as a way to democratize the workplace, in order to obtain political power. A modern definition by the Australian Bureau of Statistics states that a trade union is "an organisation consisting predominantly of employees, the principal activities of which include the negotiation of rates of pay and conditions of employment for its members". Recent historical research by Bob James puts forward the
of material intended for a proposed Beach Boys album throughout the early to mid-1990s. Concurrently, Wilson collaborated with musician Don Was on the documentary Brian Wilson: I Just Wasn't Made for These Times (1995), whose soundtrack, comprising rerecorded Beach Boys songs, was released in August as his second solo album. In 1993, Wilson had agreed to record an album of songs by Van Dyke Parks, which was credited to the duo and released as Orange Crate Art in October 1995.
of modern slavery", including victims of human trafficking, forced labor, forced marriage, child labor, and state-imposed forced labor. The state-imposed re-education through labor (laojiao) system was formally abolished in 2013, but it is not clear to what extent its practices have stopped. The much larger reform through labor (laogai) system includes labor prison factories, detention centers, and re-education camps; the Laogai Research Foundation has estimated in June 2008 that there were nearly 1,422 of these facilities, though it cautioned that
of nine white Americans (three women, six men), one biracial man, one Latin American woman, and one Asian-American woman. The prosecutor, Terry White, was Black. On April 29, 1992, the seventh day of jury deliberations, the jury acquitted all four officers of assault and acquitted three of the four of using excessive force. The jury could not agree on a verdict for the fourth officer charged with using excessive force. The verdicts were based in part on the first three
of only two such incidents at the time. Ledbetter, in 2004, claimed Wilson had taken LSD only three times in his life. As Wilson's condition worsened, he grew susceptible to paranoid delusions, believing that his auditory hallucinations were Satan coming "in the form of other people that were competing with me and had ideas of killing me". By 1968, following the birth of their first child, Marilyn's concerns about Wilson's mental health intensified. Wilson was hospitalized later that year and
of over $15.9 trillion, as of October 2020. China has three out of the world's ten most competitive financial centers according to the 2024 Global Financial Centres Index—Shanghai, Hong Kong, and Shenzhen. As of at least 2024, China has the world's second-largest equity markets and futures markets, as well as the third-largest bond market. China has the world's largest banking sector. Its finance sector is dominated by state-owned institutions. China has been a member of the World Trade Organization since
of partner's aces/kings to evaluate for slam bids. Blank (Adjective) Unprotected by other, usually lower cards in the same suit: "I held the blank king of spades." (Verb) To discard in such a way as to leave a card unprotected: "She blanked the king of spades." Blitz (Slang) A win by a sufficiently wide margin in IMPs to earn the maximum possible number (or difference) of victory points. Blocked (Adjective) If a suit is divided between partners in such a
of persons belonging to minorities ... in a society in which pluralism, non-discrimination, tolerance, justice, solidarity and equality between women and men prevail." By virtue of these powers, the EU has enacted legislation on sexism in the work-place, age discrimination, and racial discrimination. In 2009, the Lisbon Treaty gave legal effect to the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. The charter is a codified catalogue of fundamental rights against which the EU's legal acts can be judged. It
of points earned on a particular deal, as it is when using quantitative scoring, but the number of pairs that have been out-scored. Competitive auction A bidding sequence which involves both partnerships. Also, competitive bidding. Concession A statement by a player as to the number of remaining tricks that he must lose. See also Claim. Condone To act after an opponent's irregularity without arranging for the penalty specified in the Laws to be applied. Congratulatory jack The unnecessary play (by
of pre-agreed coded interpretations, in which some calls convey very specific information or requests that are not part of the natural meaning of the call. Thus in response to 4NT, a 'natural' bid of 5♦ would state a preference towards a diamond suit or a desire to play in five diamonds, whereas if the partners have agreed to use the common Blackwood convention, a bid of 5♦ in the same situation would say nothing about the diamond suit, but would
of prosperity and richness), Pangu and many others. In the early decades of the 21st century, the Chinese government has been engaged in a rehabilitation of folk cults—formally recognizing them as "folk beliefs" as distinguished from doctrinal religions, and often reconstructing them into forms of "highly curated" civil religion—as well as in a national and international promotion of Buddhism. China is home to many of the world's tallest religious statues, representing either deities of Chinese folk religion or enlightened beings
of rates of pay and conditions of employment for its members". Recent historical research by Bob James puts forward the view that trade unions are part of a broader movement of benefit societies, which includes medieval guilds, Freemasons, Oddfellows, friendly societies, and other fraternal organizations. A collegium was any association in ancient Rome that acted as a legal entity. Following the passage of the Lex Julia during the reign of Julius Caesar (49–44 BC), and their reaffirmation during the reign
of relations between the two countries. Relations between Iran and Pakistan improved after the removal of the Taliban in 2002, but tensions remain. Pakistan has been under a strong influence of Saudi Arabia in its competition with Shiite majority Iran for influence across the broader Islamic world, which it already has in its allied nations Lebanon and Syria. A former president of Iran (1981–89), Ayatollah Ali Khamenei succeeded Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini as the spiritual head of the Iranian people. A
of rice, wheat, tomatoes, eggplant, grapes, watermelon, spinach, and many other crops. In 2021, 12 percent of global permanent meadows and pastures belonged to China, as well as 8% of global cropland. China is one of 17 megadiverse countries, lying in two of the world's major biogeographic realms: the Palearctic and the Indomalayan. By one measure, China has over 34,687 species of animals and vascular plants, making it the third-most biodiverse country in the world, after Brazil and Colombia. The
of rioting in the 77th Street Division on the evening of April 29. These included: No effort made to close the busy intersection of Florence and Normandie to traffic. Failure to secure gun stores in the Division (one in particular lost 1,150 guns to looting on April 29). The failure to issue a citywide Tactical Alert until 6:43 p.m., which delayed the arrival of other divisions to assist the 77th. The lack of any response — and in particular, a
of suit priorities, such as opening leader's bid suit, doubler's bid suit, dummy's first bid suit, or a suit that dummy has just bid conventionally. Lead out of turn Playing a card when it was another player's turn to lead. Subject to penalty. Lead through strength A maxim that advises a defender to lead a suit in which LHO has high card strength, forcing declarer to play high or low before third hand plays. The corollary is that a defender
of the 2012 season, Wilson injured his elbow and subsequently underwent his second Tommy John surgery. He completed his recovery midway through the 2013 season and signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers, pitching effectively with them as a late-inning reliever through the playoffs. However, he was not able to continue his success in 2014, and the Dodgers released him after that season. Brian Patrick Wilson was born on March 16, 1982, in Winchester, Massachusetts. While he was in second grade,
of the American Civil War Renteria, Joanna (May 5, 2018). "The Real Meaning Behind Cinco de Mayo — and Why Mexicans Don't Really Celebrate the Date". PopSugar. Video presentations History Colorado (May 1, 2020). "Dr. David E. Hayes-Bautista – Cinco de Mayo, an American Tradition (with Presentation Slides and Video)" – via YouTube. Borderlands of Southern Colorado Lecture Series Clinton School of Public Service (January 2, 2019). "Dr. David E. Hayes-Bautista – Latino Leadership and the Cinco de Mayo in
of the Beach Boys' first records, David Marks said that Wilson had been "dead serious about them all", elaborating, "It's hard to believe that anyone could be that naive and honest, but he was. That's what made those records so successful. You could feel the sincerity in them." In music journalist Barney Hoskyns's description, the "particular appeal of Wilson's genius" can be traced to his "singular naivety" and "ingenuousness", alongside his band being "the very obverse of hip". The most
of the Consolidated Treaty on European Union in 2017, and became the only sovereign state to leave when it withdrew from the EU in 2020. Member states retain in principle all powers except those that they have agreed collectively to delegate to the union as a whole, though the exact delimitation has on occasions become a subject of scholarly or legal disputes. In certain fields, members have awarded exclusive competence and exclusive mandate to the union. These are areas in
of the Coton, affirming their status as the nation's "royal dog". The Coton de Tuléar was first formally recognised as a breed by the Societe Centrale Canine (the French national kennel club) in 1970 and was accepted by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale, which published the breed standard in 1972. The Coton de Tuléar is recognised internationally through the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and by major kennel clubs (The Kennel Club (UK) in the Toy Group, and the United Kennel Club (US)
of the EU has been slightly decreasing for several years, contracting by 0.04 per cent in 2021. This is due to a low birth rate of about 1.5 children per woman, less than the world average of 2.3. In total, 4.1 million babies were born in the EU in 2021. Immigration to Europe partially compensates for the natural population decrease. Of the people residing in the EU, 5.3 per cent are not EU citizens. There were 31 non-EU citizenships that
of the Hansen Dam recreation center. When King finally stopped, LAPD and CHP officers surrounded King's vehicle and married CHP officers Timothy and Melanie Singer arrested him and the other occupants. After the two passengers were placed in the patrol car, five Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officers – Stacey Koon, Laurence Powell, Timothy Wind, Theodore Briseno, and Rolando Solano – surrounded King, who came out of the car last. None of the officers involved were African-American; officers Koon, Wind
of the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize. The Smarties award, which is voted for by children, made the book well known within six months of publication, while most children's books have to wait for years. The following year, Philosopher's Stone won almost all the other major British awards that were decided by children. It was also shortlisted for children's books awards adjudicated by adults, but did not win. Sandra Beckett commented that books that were popular with children were regarded as
of the PRC. According to the CCP constitution, the Party's highest body is the National Congress held every five years. The National Congress elects the Central Committee, which convenes at least once a year. The Central Committee then elects the party's Politburo, Politburo Standing Committee and the general secretary (party leader), the top leadership of the country. The general secretary holds ultimate power and authority over party and state and serves as the paramount leader of China. The current general
of the Paris Convention, which relates to state emblems. The government only registered "left-facing" images, with the harp's sound board on the right. While the Attorney General's office felt that right-facing images should also be registered, patent agents advised this might be interfere with Guinness Brewery's use of such harps in its logo since the 1870s. As well as being the arms of Ireland, since 1945 the harp is the arms of each president of Ireland whilst in office. Typically,
of the People's Republic of China creates a new Chongqing Municipality, out of part of Sichuan. March 16 – Sandline affair: On Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea, soldiers of commander Jerry Singirok arrest Tim Spicer and his mercenaries of the Sandline International. March 18 – The tail of a Russian An-24 charter plane breaks off while en route to Turkey, causing the plane to crash, killing all 50 on board, and resulting in the grounding of all An-24s. March
of the Police Foundation). The findings of the inquiry, The City in Crisis: A Report by the Special Advisor to the Board of Police Commissioners on the Civil Disorder in Los Angeles, also colloquially known as the Webster Report or Webster Commission, was released on October 21, 1992. LAPD chief of police Daryl Gates, who had seen his successor Willie L. Williams named by the Police Commission days before the riots, was forced to resign on June 28, 1992. Some
of the Romance Languages" Dossier des Latinistes, La Greffe Germanique (in French) Thomason, Sarah Grey; Kaufman, Terrence (1991) [1988]. Language Contact, Creolization, and Genetic Linguistics (1st pbk. print. ed.). Berkeley: University of California Press. ISBN 978-0-520-07893-2.
of the Senate and House responsible to completely distinct constituencies; this helped defeat the problem of the federal government being subject to "special interests". Members of the Constitutional Convention considered the Senate to be parallel to the British House of Lords as an "upper house", containing the "better men" of society, but different as they would be conscientiously chosen by the upper houses of state legislatures for fixed terms, and not merely inherited for life. It was hoped they would
of the South was de facto one-party states. The "rider" was intended to enable these states to continue these practices, protected from any federal interference. When the resolution came before the Senate, Senator Joseph L. Bristow (R-KS) proposed an amendment which eliminated the rider. This amendment was approved by 45 votes to 44 after Vice President James S. Sherman cast a tie-breaking "yea" vote. The amended resolution was then adopted by a vote of 64 to 24, with four not
of the United Kingdom in mid-2021; however, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, travel restrictions meant this could not happen until March 2022, when filming for the fifth episode began in Norway before travelling through Sweden and concluding in Finland. Titled "A Scandi Flick", it was released on 16 September 2022, as the first episode of the fifth series. In June 2022, filming for the sixth episode began in Poland before travelling through Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and concluding in Slovenia.
of the United States had acted under statutory authority granted to his office by the Congress under 1 U.S.C. § 106b, which states:Whenever official notice is received at the National Archives and Records Administration that any amendment proposed to the Constitution of the United States has been adopted, according to the provisions of the Constitution, the Archivist of the United States shall forthwith cause the amendment to be published, with his certificate, specifying the States by which the same may
of the United States of America: Analysis and Interpretation. Washington, D.C.: United States Government Publishing Office. Senate Document No. 103–6. The Library of Congress' regularly updated online version. National Archives: Bill of Rights including Twenty-seventh Amendment Library of Congress Bill of Rights Primary Documents links page Congressional resolutions recognizing ratification: S.Con.Res. 120 H.Con.Res. 320 Certification of the 27th Amendment at National Archives Online Public Access The Unlikely Story of the 27th Amendment, interview of Gregory Watson by the Dallas County
of the central bank. The aim of this financial control system is to ensure the economic stability of the EU. In 1999, the currency union started to materialise through introducing a common accounting (virtual) currency in eleven of the member states. In 2002, it was turned into a fully-fledged conventible currency, when euro notes and coins were issued, while the phaseout of national currencies in the eurozone (consisting by then of 12 member states) was initiated. The eurozone (constituted by
of the commission, and can attempt motions of censure on the commission by appeal to the Court of Justice. The president of the European Parliament carries out the role of speaker in Parliament and represents it externally. The president and vice-presidents are elected by MEPs every two and a half years. The judicial branch of the European Union is formally called the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) and consists of two courts: the Court of Justice and
of the communities as part of a reunified Germany. The European Union was formally established when the Maastricht Treaty—whose main architects were Horst Köhler, Helmut Kohl and François Mitterrand—came into force on 1 November 1993. The treaty also gave the name European Community to the EEC, even if it was referred to as such before the treaty. With further enlargement planned to include the former communist states of Central and Eastern Europe, as well as Cyprus and Malta, the Copenhagen
of the country's capital and more immigrant businessmen in the Western Wing directed greater government allocations there. Due to low numbers of native businessmen in East Pakistan, substantial labor unrest and a tense political environment, there were also much lower foreign investments in the eastern wing. The Pakistani state's economic outlook was geared towards urban industry, which was not compatible with East Pakistan's mainly agrarian economy. Also, Bengalis were underrepresented in the Pakistani military. Officers of Bengali origin in the
of the crowns of England and Scotland, depictions appeared accompanied by a lion and a unicorn, representing England and Scotland. Other depictions included two stags, representing Ireland, or a stag and a lion. However, none of these were ever a part of the blazon and should be interpreted in terms of artistic licence. Several mottos associated with Ireland and have also been used alongside representations of the harp, including the patriotic slogan, Erin Go Bragh (English: Ireland Forever), Quis separabit?
of the first groups of singers formed outside the traditional Southern home region of Sacred Harp singing was in the Chicago area. The first Illinois convention was held in 1985, with enthusiastic and strongly proactive support by prominent Southern traditional singers. The Midwest Convention is now acknowledged to be one of the major American conventions, attracting hundreds of singers from all over the US and abroad. Similarly, the Sacred Harp singing community in western New England has become a prominent
of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia – Serbia and Montenegro – form a new state, named the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (which in 2003 becomes Serbia and Montenegro), bringing to an end the official state union of Serbs, Croats, Slovenes, Montenegrins, Bosniaks and Macedonians that has existed since 1918 (with the exception of a brief occupation period during World War II). April 29 Los Angeles riots: The acquittal of four policemen in the Rodney King beating criminal trial
of the items have been withdrawn. Usually, these goods have been sold by 'private treaty'. This means that the goods have already been sold off, usually to a trader or dealer on a private, behind-the-scenes basis before they have had a chance to be offered at the auction sale. These goods are rarely in single lots – photocopiers or fax machines would generally be sold in bulk lots. Environmental auctions, in which companies bid for licenses to avoid being required
of the monarch impaled the plain royal arms with their husbands' arms. But for many centuries now, all members of the royal family have had differenced versions of the royal arms settled on them by royal warrant. Only children and grandchildren in the male line of the monarch are entitled to arms in this fashion: the arms of children of the monarch are differenced with a three-point label; while grandchildren of the monarch are differenced with a five-point label. An
of the piece with Van Dyke Parks. Phil Spector's influence on Wilson is widely acknowledged. He referred to Spector as "the single most influential producer" in 1966, and "probably the biggest influence of all" in 2000. Initially drawn to Spector's records for the Crystals and the Ronettes, by his account, his admiration began in 1962 upon hearing "He's Sure the Boy I Love", which he said "opened up a door of creativity for me". He particularly admired Spector's method of
of the points the defense received. In duplicate bridge, the dealer position, the status of vulnerability for each side is predetermined by the board. There are 4 positions, and 4 vulnerability statuses, so 16 possible combinations. Coincidentally, the following example results is for a 16 board match for every combination of dealer position and vulnerability: One common form of pairs scoring is by matchpoints. On each board, a partnership scores two matchpoints for each other partnership that scored fewer points
of the region, and better bilateral ties between Pakistan and Iran. During this visit, Jamali gave valuable advises to Iranian leadership on their nuclear programme "against the backdrop of the country's" negotiations with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), and measures to strengthen economic relations between the two countries. On 13 October 2019, Imran Khan and Hassan Rouhani have held talks in Tehran, as part of a Pakistani initiative to defuse rising tensions in the Gulf and mediate between regional
of the season, then you can consider yourself elite. On March 25, Wilson agreed to two-year, $15 million contract extension with the Giants. He struck out five batters in 1+2⁄3 innings on May 9 while recording a save in a 6–5 victory over the New York Mets. On May 15, against the Houston Astros with the bases loaded, two outs, and the Giants leading 2–1 in the ninth inning, Wilson struck out Kazuo Matsui in a 15-pitch at bat to
of the suit led; cards of suits other than that led cannot win. In a deal with a trump suit, cards of that suit are superior in rank to any of the cards of any other suit. If one or more players plays a trump to a trick when void in the suit led, the highest-ranked trump wins. For example, if the trump suit is spades and a player is void in the suit led and plays a spade card,
of the time and that some other changes could be regarded as useful copyedits. Since the UK editions of early titles in the series were published months prior to the American versions, some American readers became familiar with the British English versions owing to having bought them from online retailers. At first the most prestigious reviewers ignored the book, leaving it to book trade and library publications such as Kirkus Reviews and Booklist, which examined it only by the entertainment-oriented
of the urban upheavals in the 1960s, arguing that "[w]here the looting at Watts had been desperate, angry, mean, the mood this time was closer to a manic fiesta, a TV game show with every looter a winner." According to a 2019 study in the American Political Science Review found that the riots caused a liberal shift, both in the short-term and long-term, politically. The 1992 events in Los Angeles were compared to the May 2020 police murder of George
of the very large numbers of minor registries, clubs, and internet-based dog registry businesses. In the United States, another standard for the Coton de Tuléar was developed based upon the breed in Madagascar in 1974 by a biologist, Dr. Robert Jay Russell. Russell established the Coton de Tuléar Club of America (CTCA) in 1976 and was opposed to American Kennel Club recognition. The Coton de Tuléar entered the American Kennel Club Foundation Stock Service (their first step in breed recognition)
of this format of the programme being brought to a close, the final episode's last segment included a montage of scenes featuring the presenters over the course of their career as a trio – not only from this programme, but also from their time hosting Top Gear. After the third series the tent format was eliminated and the programme shifted focus entirely onto occasional feature-length specials. Each episode in the series is marketed with the prefix; The Grand Tour Presents...
of this prize, in conjunction with the European Parliament, have awarded the Charlemagne Youth Prize in recognition of similar efforts led by young people. Media freedom is a fundamental right that applies to all member states of the European Union and its citizens, as defined in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights as well as the European Convention on Human Rights. Within the EU enlargement process, guaranteeing media freedom is named a "key indicator of a country's readiness to become
of times. It gives equal weight to each board by calculating the expected number of match points that would have been earned if the board had been played the full number of times. New minor forcing By agreement, after 1m – 1M; 1NT, a bid of two of the unbid minor as artificial and forcing, often requesting three card support for responder's bid major or four cards in the unbid major. Sometimes called PLOB. New suit A suit that has
of treque-baller < MDu trekken "to drag" < Gmc) trimer "to run about" ( < OFr trumer < trum "calf, leg" < Frk *þrum "stub" < Gmc, cf OHG drum "end") tringle "line out, curtain-rod" tringler tringlette trinquer "to clink glasses" ( < Germ trinken "to drink" < Gmc) tripatouiller ″to tamper″ tripe "tripe" ( < OFr estripe < Gmc, cf OHG striepe, strippe "belt, thin strap") tripaille tripette tripier tripière tripoter "to grope" tripot tripoter tripotage trique "club, cudgel"
of tricks without being set. At 4♠, declarer is "booked" when he has lost three tricks. Bottom At matchpoint scoring, a result no better than any other by a pair playing the same cards, resulting in an award of minimum matchpoints; either jointly (a shared bottom), or alone (a cold bottom, or zero). Boxed (British slang) Adjective applied to a card found to be face-up during dealing, and by extension to the whole pack. Also used for a card found
of two adjacent suits before the higher. For example, of two four card majors, the heart suit is normally bid before the spade suit in response to an opening bid of 1♣ or 1♦. Uppercut To ruff in the expectation of being overruffed, when the overruff will cause a trump in partner's hand to become a winner. Upside-down signals An agreement that when following suit to partner's lead, a low card encourages a continuation and a high card discourages. This
of two cards of the same suit on separate tricks to encourage or, by prior agreement, to discourage (see upside-down signals) partner's continuation of a suit; or to signal possession of (normally) an even number of cards in the suit at the time the higher card is played. EHAA Every Hand An Adventure, a bidding style that emphasizes very weak notrump opening bids (often 10–12 HCP), four-card majors, and undisciplined weak-two bids. Eight ever, nine never A bridge maxim that
of which can support the other's long suit. For example, a red Two-suiter opposite a black Two-suiter constitutes a misfit. Mitchell movement A pairs tournament movement in which the pairs sitting in one direction (usually North-South) stay in the same seats throughout, but after each round the pairs sitting in the other direction (usually East-West) move to the next higher numbered table, and the boards are moved to the next lower numbered table. Unless an arrow switch is performed, the
of which started in 1984. The aims of EU policy in this area are to co-ordinate and stimulate research. The independent European Research Council allocates EU funds to European or national research projects. EU research and technological framework programmes deal in a number of areas, for example energy where the aim is to develop a diverse mix of renewable energy to help the environment and to reduce dependence on imported fuels. Article 35 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of
off an injury and would be owed at least $6.8 million for 2013, he was non-tendered after the season, which made him a free agent for the first time in his career. At the end of the 2012 season, he ranked third all-time in saves as a Giant with 171, behind only Robb Nen (206) and Rod Beck (199). After his playing career ended, Wilson was inducted into the Giants Wall of Fame in 2018. Wilson chose not to sign
offensive by the Indian audience. The footage showed a car with a body frame that was made of a cow's bones and organs; removal of the footage resulted in a significant reduction in the length of an episode. During the first series, the studio segments were filmed in various locations around the world. Studio recording for the first series began in Johannesburg, South Africa on 17 July 2016. Recording in the United States took place on 25 September 2016 in
offensive on the western front. Major ground attacks were concentrated on the western border by the Pakistan Army but the Indian Army was successful in penetrating into Pakistani soil. It eventually made some quick and initial gains, including the capture of around 15,010 km2 (5,795 sq mi) of Pakistani territory; this land gained by India in Azad Kashmir, Punjab and Sindh sectors was later ceded in the Simla Agreement of 1972, as a gesture of goodwill. Casualties inflicted to Pakistan
offer from a Canadian man, and denying that the event had been a publicity stunt. In July 2007, a British tabloid reported that an 18-year-old student was selling her virginity for £10,000 on a website used by prostitutes. When contacted by the press, she claimed she was busy at work and had been offered the sum in cash. In September 2008, a 22-year-old American woman calling herself Natalie Dylan announced on The Howard Stern Show that she would auction off
offering comprehensive and leading education. The National Health Commission, together with its counterparts in the local commissions, oversees the health needs of the population. An emphasis on public health and preventive medicine has characterized Chinese health policy since the early 1950s. The Communist Party started the Patriotic Health Campaign, which was aimed at improving sanitation and hygiene, as well as treating and preventing several diseases. Diseases such as cholera, typhoid and scarlet fever, which were previously rife in China, were
office receipts. August 19 – The reunited Fleetwood Mac begin a concert tour in the United States. August 30 – "Mo Money Mo Problems" reaches #1 on the Hot 100 singles chart, making The Notorious B.I.G. the first artist to achieve two posthumous #1 singles. September 6 – Elton John performs "Candle in the Wind" at the funeral of Diana, Princess of Wales; John Tavener's "Song for Athene" is performed at the same ceremony, with soprano Lynne Dawson singing the
officially maintains the one China principle: the view that there is only one sovereign state with the name "China"—represented by the PRC—and that Taiwan is an integral part of China. The unique status of Taiwan has led to countries formally recognizing the PRC to maintain unique "one China policies" that differ from each other; some countries explicitly recognize the PRC's claim over Taiwan, while others, including the U.S. and Japan, only acknowledge the claim. China has a close political, economic
often negative, as is a 1♦ response to a Precision 1♣. Negative slam double In a competitive auction, the double of a voluntarily bid slam to show no defensive tricks, and therefore to suggest a sacrifice. Neuberg formula In duplicate pairs tournaments, a method of fairly adjusting match point scores when not all boards have been played the same number of times. It gives equal weight to each board by calculating the expected number of match points that would have
often referred to as Feist or just plain terrier mixes - in the case of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier, "bench-legged feist". Since the breed was primarily a farm and hunting dog, crossing Rat Terriers to other breeds was common. One such early cross was with the Beagle, and this cross possibly reinforced the bench leg, since the Bench-legged Beagle was a common hunting companion. Separating the long-legged phenotype from the short-legged phenotype in most cases did not occur, litters born
oldest Sacred Harp convention was the Southern Musical Convention, organized in Upson County, Georgia in 1845. The two oldest surviving Sacred Harp singing conventions are the Chattahoochee Musical Convention (organized in Coweta County, Georgia in 1852), and the East Texas Sacred Harp Convention (organized as the East Texas Musical Convention in 1855). Singings are not restricted to members of an organization, but are communicated verbally at other singings, through social media and email lists, in unofficial public listings, and in
on 109 receptions, in 15 games. He was named to the PFWA All-Rookie Team and earned Pro Bowl honors. On September 14, 2025, Nabers caught 9 receptions for 167 yards and 2 touchdowns in a 40–37 overtime loss to the Dallas Cowboys in Week 2. Among those receptions, he caught a 48-yard touchdown pass from Russell Wilson with 25 seconds left to give the Giants the lead, 37-34. On September 28, during a home game at MetLife Stadium, which the
on 15 January 2019. Throughout the first three series of the programme, the format was focused on a similar arrangement to that of Top Gear, involving a mixture of pre-recording television films – a mixture of single or multi-part films – and live-audience studio segments, though for legal reasons it was designed with significant differences to avoid clashing with the BBC's motoring series. Films focused primarily on car review, motoring challenges, and road trip journeys, often in similar mould to
on 16 December 1971, in what remains to date the largest surrender of armed personnel since the Second World War.. Rural and urban areas across East Pakistan saw extensive military operations and air strikes to suppress the tide of civil disobedience that formed after the 1970 election stalemate. The Pakistan Army, backed by Islamists, created radical religious militias—the Razakars, Al-Badr and Al-Shams—to assist it during raids on the local populace. Members of the Pakistani military and supporting militias engaged in
on 20 April 1972, Yahya was transferred to his personal residence at 61 Harley Street in central Rawalpindi. His house arrest continued under lessened restrictions. The house was only thinly guarded by a few police officers. Yahya’s health had significantly deteriorated during his years in house arrest. He was suffering from a combination of serious medical conditions, including diabetes, a heart condition, and reports also suggest that his mental health was affected as well. Additionally, a stroke which left him
on December 15, 1971. Small advancements were made by Pakistani troops. However, due to subsequent orders to halt movements, the offensive was delayed and ultimately did not proceed before the ceasefire on December 17, 1971. His leadership during the conflict, while marked by bold initiatives, has been subject to scrutiny in post-war analyses. On 3 December, after the air strike carried out by the PAF, the 106 Infantry Brigade of the Pakistani forces under the command of Brig Mohammad Mumtaz
on European Union. In addition, the principle of subsidiarity requires that only those matters that need to be determined collectively are so determined. Under the principle of supremacy, national courts are required to enforce the treaties that their member states have ratified, even if doing so requires them to ignore conflicting national law, and (within limits) even constitutional provisions. The direct effect and supremacy doctrines were not explicitly set out in the European Treaties but were developed by the Court
on Twitter Career statistics from NFL.com · ESPN · CBS Sports · Yahoo Sports New York Giants bio LSU Tigers bio
on a suicidal course if it escalates tensions in the subcontinent". The United States stood with Pakistan by supporting it morally, politically, economically and materially when U.S. President Richard Nixon and his Secretary of State Henry Kissinger refused to use rhetoric in a hopeless attempt to intervene in a large civil war. The U.S. establishment had the impression that the Soviets were in an informal alliance with India, and the US therefore needed Pakistan to help to limit Soviet influence
on aggregate performance from four widely observed university rankings (THE+ARWU+QS+US News). China is home to two of the highest-ranking universities (Tsinghua University and Peking University) in Asia and emerging economies, according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities. These universities are members of the C9 League, an alliance of elite Chinese universities offering comprehensive and leading education. The National Health Commission, together with its counterparts in the local commissions, oversees the health
on an A+ to F scale, the highest of the franchise. Ann Hornaday described Jaden Smith as a "revelation", who "proves that he's no mere beneficiary of dynastic largesse. Somber, self-contained and somehow believable as a kid for whom things don't come easily, he never conveys the sense that he's desperate to be liked. Which is precisely why The Karate Kid winds up being so likable itself". Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave it a positive review, rating the
on health care between member states and facilitating access to safe and high-quality cross-border healthcare for European patients. The life expectancy in the EU was 80.1 year at birth in 2021, among the highest in the world and around nine years higher than the world average. In general, life expectancy is lower in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe. In 2018, the EU region with the highest life expectancy was Madrid, Spain at 85.2 years, followed by the Spanish regions
on hiatus since 1992) Jane's Addiction (reformed after broke up in 1991) Sunny Day Real Estate (reformed after being on hiatus since 1995) See: Category:1997 albums The following songs achieved the highest positions in the charts of 1997. Leonardo Balada – Concierto Magico for guitar and orchestra Silvie Bodorova – Terezin Ghetto Requiem Peter Maxwell Davies – Concerto for Piano and Orchestra Henri Dutilleux The Shadows of Time, for three children's voices and orchestra Slava's Fanfare, for spatial ensemble Lorenzo
on its failure to adhere to those fundamental rights. Signing the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) is a condition for EU membership. Previously, the EU itself could not accede to the convention as it is neither a state nor had the competence to accede. The Lisbon Treaty and Protocol 14 to the ECHR have changed this: the former binds the EU to accede to the convention while the latter formally permits it. The EU is independent from the Council
on its membership of the European Union was held in 2016, with 51.9 per cent of participants voting to leave. The UK formally notified the European Council of its decision to leave on 29 March 2017, initiating the formal withdrawal procedure for leaving the EU; following extensions to the process, the UK left the European Union on 31 January 2020, although most areas of EU law continued to apply to the UK for a transition period which lasted until 31
on local issues. Calls for a constitutional amendment regarding Senate elections started in the early 19th century, with Henry R. Storrs in 1826 proposing an amendment to provide for popular election. Similar amendments were introduced in 1829 and 1855, with the "most prominent" proponent being Andrew Johnson, who raised the issue in 1868 and considered the idea's merits "so palpable" that no additional explanation was necessary. As noted above, in the 1860s, there was a major congressional dispute over the
on membership trends in 28 European countries Trade Union Ancestors – Listing of 5,000 UK trade unions with histories of main organisations, trade union "family trees" and details of union membership and strikes since 1900. TUC History online – History of the British union movement Short history of the UGT in Catalonia Younionize Global Union Directory "Retaliation for Union Activity and Collection Action Rights", Workplace Fairness Labor Notes magazine A History of Labor Unions from Colonial Times to 2009, from
on secularism differentiated it from the Muslim League. In 1971, the Bangladeshi liberation struggle against Pakistan was led by secular leaders and secularists hailed the Bangladeshi victory as the triumph of secular Bengali nationalism over religion-centred Pakistani nationalism. While Pakistan's government strives for an Islamic state, Bangladesh was established secular. After the liberation victory, the Awami League attempted to build a secular order and the pro-Pakistan Islamist parties were barred from political participation. The majority of East Pakistani ulama had
on state television that Pakistan has assured Iran it would launch a nuclear strike on Israel if Israel were to use nuclear weapons against Iran. Rezaee also said Iran possesses "undisclosed" military capabilities. However, Pakistan's Defence Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif dismissed the claim. On the same day, Pakistan closed all border crossings with Iran in light of heightened tensions and escalations between Iran and Israel. Both Iran and Pakistan face attacks by Baloch separatist militants in restive Balochistan region, leading
on that basis. Playable 1) (Of a contract) A rational, if not necessarily optimal, choice of strain and level. 2) (Of an agreement) Leading to an acceptable result, if not in the best fashion. Playing tricks Cards, such as long cards, that will take tricks (usually, for declarer), and that therefore contribute to a hand's strength. PLOB Acronym or initialism for Petty Little Odious Bid, another name for New Minor Forcing. The name is derived from a diatribe by The
on the BBC's survey The Big Read. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone won two publishing industry awards given for sales rather than literary merit, the British Book Awards Children's Book of the Year and the Booksellers' Association / Bookseller Author of the Year. By March 1999 UK editions had sold just over 300,000 copies and the story was still the UK's best-selling title in December 2001. A Braille edition was published in May 1998 by the Scottish Braille Press.
on the DL. He was activated from the DL on April 6. After posting a 3.75 ERA in his first two games, Wilson posted a 1.26 ERA in his next 35 outings. During a game against the Detroit Tigers on July 1, Wilson blew a save for a second straight game and was taken out of the game by Bruce Bochy. Upon entering the dugout, Wilson took out his frustrations by throwing a Gatorade cooler and smashing it with a
on the Hubble Space Telescope is started by astronauts from the Space Shuttle Discovery. February 28 North Hollywood shootout: Two robbers, wearing kevlar body armor, and armed with illegally modified Type 56S rifles with high-capacity magazines and other weapons, injure 20 police officers and civilians in a gun battle. The incident sparks debate on the appropriate firepower for United States patrol officers to have available in similar situations in the future. 1997 Turkish military memorandum: As a result of a
on the grounds that, in its desperation, Pakistan might fall into the lap of the Chinese (a communist rival to the U.S.-led Western Bloc). The subsequent breakup of Pakistan in December 1971 convinced Iran that extraordinary effort was needed to protect the stability and territorial integrity of its eastern flank. With the emergence of Bangladesh as a separate state, the "Two-Nation Theory/Pakistan Movement" as well as the state of Pakistan itself had received a severe negative blow to its reputation
on the life of India's first Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw and his contribution to the 1971 Indo-Pak war. Border 2, an upcoming 2026 film, is based on multiple battles fought during the India-Pakistan war of 1971. Mukti: Birth of a Nation, a 2017 short film directed by Manu Chobe depictsalso focuses on hs contribution to 1971 war. the negotiations between Major General J. F. R. Jacob and Lieutenant General A. A. K. Niazi over the Pakistani Instrument of Surrender. PNS
on the number of pairs that have been out-scored. Queen ask, or queen-ask In Key Card Blackwood, the cheapest bid over the response to 4NT, to ask responder for the trump queen. Quick tricks In card play, top ranking holdings able to win tricks immediately. Similar in concept to honor tricks in the evaluation of hand strength. Quitted trick A trick whose cards have all been turned face down (duplicate bridge) or gathered in front of the trick's winner (rubber
on the port of Karachi on the night of 4/5 December 1971 under the codename Trident. The naval attack involving the Soviet-built Osa-class missile boats sank the Pakistan Navy's destroyer PNS Khaibar and minesweeper PNS Muhafiz while PNS Shah Jahan was also badly damaged. Pakistani naval sources reported that about 720 Pakistani sailors were killed or wounded, and Pakistan lost reserve fuel and many commercial ships, thus crippling the Pakistan Navy's further involvement in the conflict. Seeking to retaliate, the
on the record that he did not act alone.... All the major actors of the period were creatures of a historic legacy and a psycho-political milieu which did not lend itself to accommodation and compromise, to bargaining and a reasoned settlement. Nurtured on conspiracy theories, they were all conditioned to act in a manner that neglected agreeable solutions and promoted violent judgments. Yahya Khan attempted to solve Pakistan's constitutional and inter-provincial rivalry problems once he took over power from Ayub
on the type), using the mouth (plus the throat and lungs when breathing freely) as a resonator, greatly increasing the volume of the instrument. The teeth must be parted sufficiently for the reed to vibrate freely, and the fleshy parts of the mouth should not come into contact with the reed to prevent damping of the vibrations and possible pain. The note or tone thus produced is constant in pitch, though by changing the shape of the mouth, and the
on this revision began in 2018; the first public singing from this revision took place with the 2025 session of the United Sacred Harp Musical Association on September 13–14; it has a green cover. The 2025 Edition replaces the 1991 Edition of the Sacred Harp Publishing Company, but the 1991 Edition is still used by some singing conventions. Previous editions date back to 1911. Also commonly used is The Sacred Harp, Revised Cooper Edition (2012), colloquially known as the "Cooper
on which the opponents have the preponderance of strength. Thin (Slang) 1) A bid or contract based on less strength than normally recommended. 2) (Of a hand) Lacking body. Third-and-fifth An opening lead convention that calls for the lead of the third-best card in a suit of up to four card length, and the fifth-best in a longer suit. Third from even, low from odd An opening lead convention that calls for the lead of the third-best card from a
one card at a time. Normally, rubber bridge is played with two packs of cards and whilst one pack is being dealt, the dealer's partner shuffles the other pack. After shuffling the pack is placed on the right ready for the next dealer. Before dealing, the next dealer passes the cards to the previous dealer who cuts them. In duplicate bridge the cards are pre-dealt, either by hand or by a computerized dealing machine, in order to allow for competitive
one have used the music "Come with Me Now" by Kongos, while series two trailers have used "Live and Let Die" by Wings. As part of their marketing campaign, Amazon placed crashed Toyota Prius cars at Hackescher Markt in Berlin, in front of London King's Cross railway station, and on the Hollywood Walk of Fame outside the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. In mid-2016 DHL began sponsoring the transport costs of the tent and mobile studio. In June 2016, in
one of declarer's threat suits. The play is conceptually similar to transferring a control. Jacoby transfer, or Jacoby, or "transfers" A bidding convention initiated by responder following partner's notrump opening bid that requests opener rebid in the suit ranked just above that bid by responder, i.e. a response in diamonds requests a rebid in hearts and a response in hearts requests a rebid in spades; other responses may carry other meanings; designed to make the stronger hand declarer. Jacoby 2NT
one threat is against a safe exit card. Striped-tail ape double A double of a laydown contract made in hope of dissuading the opponents from successfully bidding to a higher, more rewarding contract. The doubler must be prepared to run (like the cowardly ape) to an escape suit if the opponents redouble. Strong club system A set of conventions that uses an opening bid of 1♣ as an artificial, forcing opening that promises a strong hand. Strong notrump An opening
one to learn or practice the game alone. Information for each deal is pre-printed on one sheet of paper in a special layout. Such a "deal" is loaded in a mechanical template (see image at right) which the operator-player manipulates selectively and sequentially to reveal some of the information. Paper deals are distributed in numbered sets of "Autobridge Refills". Automatic squeeze A squeeze position that succeeds against either opponent. Compare with Positional squeeze. Average In matchpoint scoring, one-half the matchpoints
one, elf, goblin" lutiner mâche "mash" ( < Gmc *maisk, cf Germ Maisch, OE māx "mash") mâcher "to beat, strike, smash" ( < Gmc, cf Germ matschen "to crush, smash") mâcheur mâchurer "to blacken" macle (Bot.) "caltrop" macle (Min.) "macle; twin" macler "to twin" maçon "mason" maçonner maçonnage maçonnique franc-maçon maçonnerie macreuse (Zoo.) "black-diver" madré "speckled" magot "bags" ( < OFr mugot "hidden treasure" < musgot, musgode, musjoe < Gmc *musgauda) maint "many" ( < Gmc *manigiþō "a multitude, great
one. Commonly, teams with no losses face each other (undefeated teams) and teams with one loss face each other (one-loser teams), insofar as possible. Double negative An agreement regarding a second negative bid by a player who has already made one. Normally used regarding sequences that follow strong, forcing opening bids. Double raise A raise of two levels, such as 1♠ – 3♠. Double squeeze A squeeze in which each opponent must guard a different suit, and both opponents must
one. One round force A bid that requests partner to ensure that the bidding continue for at least one more round. If partner's RHO bids, partner may pass, but is otherwise expected to bid. See also Forcing bid, Game force and Grand slam force. One-suiter A hand with only one long suit, normally refers to a hand with a six card or longer suit. Onside Favorably located, from the point of view of the player taking a finesse. If West
only by the failure of the bidder to make a stronger or weaker bid; thus an Acol opening bid of one of a suit is limited by the fact that the opener failed to pass, to make a 2 level opening bid, or to make a pre-emptive opening bid. Winkle A squeeze without the count that forces the defender to choose between a throw-in and an unblock, each of which is a losing option. Winner A card that can take
only restored in LA", the newsletter read, "when it came time for the blacks to pick up their welfare checks three days after rioting began ... What if the checks had never arrived? No doubt, the blacks would have fully privatized the welfare state through continued looting. But they were paid off, and the violence subsided." Paul later disavowed the newsletter and stated he did not exercise direct oversight on its content, but accepted "moral responsibility" for it being published
only to be removed in 1977 as a result of enforced martial law. In the 1980s, he remained active as a political worker of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) and emerged as its leader when appointed as Governor of Punjab after the general elections held in 1988. His tenure ended when President Ghulam Ishaq Khan dismissed Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's government in 1990, and he was succeeded by Mian Muhammad Azhar. He retired from politics in 1990. He died on
open fire on violent extremist opponents of President of Mauritania Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, allegedly killing at least four people. January 27 – First Nagorno-Karabakh War: in the disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabakh, fighting between Armenians and Azeris leaves at least 60 people dead. January 30 – North Korea signs an accord with the International Atomic Energy Agency allowing for international inspections of North Korea's nuclear power plants. February 1 – President of the United States George Bush meets with President
open on 13 March 2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Pre-sale tickets for the play began on 25 March 2019. Extensive renovations for the German production began in May 2019, at an estimated cost of 42 million euros. The cast included Markus Schöttl as Harry Potter, Sebastian Witt as Ron Weasley, Jillian Anthony as Hermione Granger, Sarah Schütz as Ginny Weasley, and Alen Hodzovic as Draco Malfoy. The cast also included Vincent Lang as Albus Potter, Mathias
opening bid of 1NT or 2NT which could include a five-card major. Push 1) (Verb) To force the opponents to make any subsequent call at a level higher than they have as yet. 2) (Noun) A tied board in a pairs or team duplicate event. Quack A portmanteau of queen and jack. Used in situations where it does not matter whether the queen or the jack is held or played, as well as to emphasize that it does not matter.
opening bids. DOPE Acronym for Double Odd, Pass Even. A conventional method for bidding over interference with Blackwood. DOPI A proxi-acronym for Double, O (the letter O standing for zero or none), Pass and I (the capital i standing for the numeral 1 or one). A conventional method for bidding over interference with Blackwood. Pronounced "dopey." Double A call that increases penalties if the opponents fail to make their contract, but consequently also increases the bonuses if they make it.
opening lead. This criterion tends to regard as typical (and thus to exclude) a trump lead, the lead of defenders' bid suit, and the lead of an unbid suit. Limit In the bidding, to define a hand's strength with some degree of precision. Limit Bid A bid which establishes narrow limits on both the high card strength and distribution of the bidder's hand. In many bidding systems the following bid types are limit bids: (1) Natural notrump bids indicating balanced
opening weekend of The Man in the High Castle. Episode 2 was somewhat less favourably received by fans and critics. The Telegraph wrote about the Jordan segment: "[...] a tedious action movie segment suggested that they were in danger of losing the run of themselves slightly and that Amazon's hands-off policy towards the production had potential downsides." Radio Times said that "many of the viewers were disgruntled to say the least, branding the show as dull and not funny." Kevin
opening weekend, grossing $56 million in North America, beating The A-Team, which grossed an estimated $9.6 million on the same opening day, and $26 million in its opening weekend. It closed on September 18, after 101 days of release, grossing $176 million in the US and Canada along with an additional $182 million overseas for a worldwide total of $359 million, on a moderate budget of $40 million. People's Choice Awards 2011 Favorite Family Movie (Nominated) Favorite On-Screen Team –
opinion from the British government, who then supplied a comment from defense secretary Geoff Hoon. Other celebrities and industry figures were also solicited for their opinions on BWPS; appreciation for Wilson's new work was expressed by singer-songwriter Ed Harcourt, the Who's Roger Daltrey, disc jockey Mary Anne Hobbs, artist Peter Blake, singer Fran Healy, and Hoon. Petridis concluded, "Despite the hype, it is hard not to be impressed with the new Smile. [...] the songs Wilson wrote for Smile still
opponent's irregularity without arranging for the penalty specified in the Laws to be applied. Congratulatory jack The unnecessary play (by follow-suit or by discard) of a jack following partner's exceptionally successful action. More often used by the defense, but possible as a play from dummy. Congress (Mainly British) A nationally or locally organised duplicate bridge competition held at a single location and usually involving both pairs and teams events, typically lasting one or two days but sometimes as many as
opponent. Master The highest card of a suit that is yet to be played. Masterpoints Units awarded, usually by national organisations, for successful performance in a bridge tournament. Match A series of hands played by two teams in knockout events. One pair from each team sits North-South at one table and the other pair sits East-West at the other table. Matchpoints A type of scoring in duplicate bridge. A pair's score on a given board is one matchpoint for every
opponents do not compete. Partnership desk A service, provided by some tournaments, that locates a partner for a player who does not yet have one. Partnership understanding, or partnership agreement An agreement between partners, reached prior to the beginning of play, concerning the meaning of a call or of carding. Pass 1) A call indicating that the player does not wish to change the contract named by the preceding bid, double or redouble. To pass transfers the right to make
opponents. The Laws specify that psychic bids themselves are legal. It is, however, a violation to infer and fail to disclose that partner has psyched, when the inference is based on partnership agreement or experience. Sponsoring organizations regulate the use of certain psychic bids. Psychic control A bid that, by partnership agreement, announces that the player's previous bid was a psychic. Pull 1) To remove the opponents' trumps. 2) To remove partner's double. Pump (slang) To force out an opponent's
or J, less so, and three small shows there is no duplication). A help suit game try shows at least three cards, generally with at least two losers. In 1984, the Encyclopedia referred to the entry "weak suit game try" and gave three small cards for example. It also referred "game try" to the entry "trial bid" with example holdings xxx, Axx, KTxx, and Jxxx in the side suit; shortness is a good holding and so is a good suit.
or a group of items (which may or may not be similar or identical, such as a "job lot" of manufactured goods) that are bid on as one unit. If the lot is for a group of items, the price paid is for the entire lot and the winning bidder must take all the items sold. Variants on a group lot bid include "choice" and "times the money" (see definitions for each). Example: An auction has five bath fragrance gift
or all four aces in a notrump contract. Honors may be declared and scored at any time after the auction but for strategic reasons it is best to do so at the conclusion of play so as not to give the opponents information about the lay of the cards. Honors may be held by any of the four players, including dummy. In duplicate bridge only, game and partial-game bonuses are awarded at the conclusion of each deal as follows: any
or are a direct response to the 1992 riots. Several scripted television shows worked the riots into episodes as a plot point, both immediately after the events and years later. The NBC sitcom A Different World featured two of their characters travelling to Los Angeles just as the riots started, while the Fox comedy series In Living Color had the riots as a reoccurring topic during their third season. Other shows that incorporated the riots into their stories included Beverly
or at least certain neighborhoods of it arose discouraging investment and preventing growth of employment. Few of the rebuilding plans were implemented, and business investors and some community members rejected South L.A. Many Los Angeles residents bought weapons for self-defense against further violence. The 10-day waiting period in California law stymied those who wanted to purchase firearms while the riot was going on. In a survey of local residents in 2010, 77 percent felt that the economic situation in Los
or bridge scoring 1) The numeric result of a deal, session or event. 2) (Verb) Of a card, to win a trick: "The ♠Q scored." Score slip A paper form used to record the result of each deal in a duplicate bridge event when electronic scoring devices are not available. Depending upon the event format, the score slip may be either a pick-up slip or a traveller. Scramble 1) To bid to a safer contract. 2) To score small trumps
or from organized bridge. Penalty card A card, incorrectly exposed by the defense, whose subsequent proper play is governed by certain rules. See major penalty card and minor penalty card. Penalty double See double Penalty pass The pass of an informatory double, to convert it to a penalty double. Percentage In matchpoint scoring, refers to the number of matchpoints actually scored by a pair on a board, session, or event, as a percentage of the maximum number available. Percentage play
or game bonus is awarded in rubber bridge, East-West do not receive an additional game bonus and North-South do not receive any part-game bonus. Furthermore, the part score of 70 by North-South is no longer available for accumulation towards a game by them; the 70 points are said to be "cut off" as signified by the drawing of the horizontal line. Having won a game, East-West are vulnerable for all subsequent deals of the rubber meaning that they are now
or grand slam bonus. The defending side receives a negative score of the same absolute value of points the declarer received. When the contract is defeated, the defending side receives a positive score based upon: the number of tricks defeated, declarer's vulnerability, and whether undoubled, doubled or redoubled. The declaring side receives a negative score of the same absolute value of the points the defense received. In duplicate bridge, the dealer position, the status of vulnerability for each side is
or grand slam contract bid and made A bonus, colloquially known as 'for insult', is received at the end of any deal in which a doubled or redoubled contract is bid and made If the contract is defeated, the defenders receive: Penalty points, assigned for every undertrick In rubber bridge only: A rubber bonus is received at the end of a completed rubber by the side that is first to win two games. A rubber bonus is also awarded for
or hand. A device that keeps each player's cards separate for duplicate bridge. The dummy's hand. For example, "You're on the board" means "The lead is in the dummy". Board-a-match (BAM) A form of scoring for teams, analogous to matchpoint scoring for pairs. A team earns 1 point if its pairs score higher than the opposing pairs (with the same cards at the other table), 1/2 for equal scores, and 0 for lower scores. Board-a-match scoring is now less common
or lengths in the four suits. Sometimes the length of one or two suits is known or presumed and "distribution" covers only three or two suits, as "distribution in the minors" said of one hand whose major-suit distribution is known. General. The degree to which four suits in one hand, one suit in four hands, or all of the hands and suits are dealt in long and short holdings. Long and short holdings constitute "lots of distribution" and three-card holdings
or mine, and though he is not as big as Jack, takes eager part in the fight with every bear and bobcat." Often confused with Skip the black and tan feist, the Roosevelts also had a dog named Scamp. Scamp is the only dog mentioned in Roosevelt's letters as ever hunting rats while in the White House, "Scamp is really an extraordinary ratter and kills a great many rats in the White House, in the cellars and on the lower
or more of the top and bottom results), and the difference converted to IMPs. Sometimes, the median is used instead of the mean. Bye A round of an event during which a team or pair is not scheduled to play. A location ("bye-stand") such as a chair or table, where boards are kept when not in use during an event. Typically used in a Mitchell movement with an even number of pairs when there is a "share and relay". Caddy
or more pairs; the type of scoring varies accordingly. The hands of each deal are kept in metal or plastic containers called boards that are passed between tables. Duplication of values Possession of values in the same suit in both partners' hands so arranged that they do not pull their full weight. (1) High card values in one hand and a singleton or void in the other; e.g. ♠KJ9 facing a void is much less useful than ♠KJ9 facing ♠Q4.
or national. Small singings are often held in homes, with perhaps only a dozen singers. Large singings have been known to have more than a thousand participants. The more ambitious singings include an ample potluck dinner in the middle of the day, traditionally called "dinner on the grounds". Some of the largest and oldest annual singings are called "conventions". The oldest Sacred Harp convention was the Southern Musical Convention, organized in Upson County, Georgia in 1845. The two oldest surviving
or requests information not necessarily related to the denomination named. Trebleton A tripleton. Trial bid See game try. Trial A (usually, high-level) tournament whose winners proceed to a subsequent event of even greater import. Trick A set of four cards played by each player in turn, during the play of a hand. Trick score The score earned by contracting for and taking tricks. Trick scores count toward making a game. Triple squeeze A squeeze that is so-named because it consists
or resignation, the said office shall devolve on the Vice President. In case of the inability of the President to discharge the powers and duties of the said office, the said powers and duties shall devolve on the Vice President, until the inability be removed. The Congress may by law provide for the case of removal, death, resignation or inability, both of the President and Vice President, declaring what officer shall then be President, or, in case of inability, act
or retire in another country. This required the lowering of administrative formalities and recognition of professional qualifications of other states. The EU seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 6.7 per cent in September 2018. The euro area unemployment rate was 8.1 per cent. Among the member states, the lowest unemployment rates were recorded in the Czech Republic (2.3 per cent), Germany and Poland (both 3.4 per cent), and the highest in Spain (10.61 per cent in 2024) and Greece (9.6 per
or standings are as similar as possible when they face each other, without scheduling repeat matches. Typically these are relatively numerous, relatively short matches. For example, of 54 to 56 boards in one day's play: 6, 7, 8, or 9 matches of 9, 8, 7, or 6 boards respectively. Switch To lead a different suit. System see bidding system. Table 1) (Noun) A grouping of four players at a bridge tournament. 2) (Verb) To put down one's cards face up.
or suits. Most would regard a hand with two six card suits as a freak. Free bid A bid that is made when a pass would still allow partner to make a bid. Normally used of a bid that is made after partner has opened the bidding and RHO has overcalled. Compare with Negative free bid. Free finesse A position in which a player leads up to an opponent's tenace, solving that opponent's possible guess. The term is normally used
or the European Ombudsman (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 10; M. Martínez Navarro, Le Médiateur européen, p. 239). The European Ombudsman continues to play a parallel role in assessing ethical breaches and conflicts of interests under the broader concept of "maladministration," which goes beyond strict illegality (M. Martínez Navarro, Le Médiateur européen, pp. 94, 237). Academic evaluations and civil society groups generally characterize the creation of the IBES as an example of "incremental change" rather than comprehensive
or two, and there were mixing quibbles (I would have loved to hear more bass), but [...] [t]he lyrical beauty, the majesty of the music, the shifting (yet somehow fixed) meanings that intertwine throughout it all, still elate me, still fill me with hope and joy." PopMatters contributor Sean Murphy opined that the album was "crucial", but rendered "less significant" with the availability of The Smile Sessions. Writing for NewMusicBox, Frank Oteri called BWPS "a wonderful album, but it is
or valuable. In the early days of eBay's popularity, sellers began promoting boxes or packages of random and usually low-value items not worth selling by themselves. Some rare CryptoKitties, which are tokens representing virtual cats, have been sold over automated blockchain auctions for more than $200,000. Charity auctions – Used by nonprofits, higher education, and religious institutions as a method to raise funds for a specific mission or cause both through the act of bidding itself, and by encouraging participants
or, supporting a like staff, therefrom flowing to the dexter a banner or charged with a cross gules. In 1971, the College of Arms in London added the compartment on which the supporters stand: On a grassy mount two flax plants each with three flowers on stems proper. The grant has not been rescinded, but the arms are considered historical, as the body to which the arms were granted no longer exists, and so they cannot be used unless regranted
order to marry Wallis Simpson Lia Williams as Wallis, Duchess of Windsor, the Duke of Windsor's American wife John Heffernan as Lord Altrincham, a writer who pens a scathing criticism of the Queen Gemma Whelan as Patricia Campbell, a secretary who works with Altrincham and types up his editorial; later Lord Altrincham's wife Paul Sparks as Billy Graham, a prominent American preacher with whom Elizabeth consults Jared Harris as King George VI, Elizabeth's father, known to his family as Bertie
orders against engaging any involved parties to Pakistani military personnel stationed in the Gulf. Many U.S.-built Stingers as well as various Chinese weaponry and ammunition shipped to Pakistan primarily for use by the Afghan mujahideen against the Soviets, were instead sold to Iran, which proved to be a defining factor for Iran in the Tanker War against Iraq. Despite immense pressure from the United States and other Arab states, Pakistan never openly supported Iraq and provided operational/financial aid to Iran
organization's real purpose in a time when trade unions were still illegal. The first attempts at forming a national general union in the United Kingdom were made in the 1820s and 30s. The National Association for the Protection of Labour was established in 1830 by John Doherty, after an apparently unsuccessful attempt to create a similar national presence with the National Union of Cotton-spinners. The Association quickly enrolled approximately 150 unions, consisting mostly of textile related unions, but also including
organization, but are communicated verbally at other singings, through social media and email lists, in unofficial public listings, and in Sacred Harp Singings: Minutes and Directory, published annually by the Sacred Harp Musical Heritage Association. "Minutes" of conventions and all-day singings are also kept as a record; recent minutes are published in this annual volume as well as online. Marini (2003) traces the earliest roots of Sacred Harp to the "country parish music" of early 18th century England. This form
organizations mediate between the world and national levels in some respects. In Zone 1 for instance, the European Bridge League is the zonal organization. Its members are the national bridge federations of 46 countries from Albania to Wales, and geographically from Iceland to Israel. In Zone 2, on the other hand, bridge players are members of the American Contract Bridge League. Zoom (z) In a relay system, the facility to joining into the next level of answers without needing to
organized in fits and starts throughout its beginnings, and would later be an important arena for the development of trade unions. Trade unions have sometimes been seen as successors to the guilds of medieval Europe, though the relationship between the two is disputed, as the masters of the guilds employed workers (apprentices and journeymen) who were not allowed to organize. Trade unions and collective bargaining were outlawed from no later than the middle of the 14th century, when the Ordinance
original American release. For the fifteenth anniversary of the books, Scholastic re-released Sorcerer's Stone, along with the other six novels in the series, with new cover art by Kazu Kibuishi in 2013. By mid-2008, official translations of the book had been published in 67 languages. By November 2017, the book had been translated into 80 languages, the 80th being Lowland Scots. In 2025, Rowling's website reported that the novel had been translated into 85 languages. Bloomsbury have published translations in
other areas. This lacuna has been addressed by the Services in the Internal Market Directive 2006 which aims to liberalise the cross border provision of services. According to the treaty the provision of services is a residual freedom that only applies if no other freedom is being exercised. The customs union involves the application of a common external tariff on all goods entering the market. Once goods have been admitted into the market they cannot be subjected to customs duties,
other artificial calls to handle other situations (but it may contain natural calls as well). Many experts today use a system called 2/1 game forcing (enunciated as two over one game forcing), which amongst other features adds some complexity to the treatment of the one notrump response as used in Standard American. In the UK, Acol is the most common system; its main features are a weak one notrump opening with 12–14 high card points and several variations for 2-level
other during the 300-year Spring and Autumn period. By the time of the Warring States period of the 5th–3rd centuries BCE, there were seven major powerful states left. The Warring States period ended in 221 BCE after the state of Qin conquered the other six states, reunited China and established the dominant order of autocracy. Qin Shi Huang proclaimed himself the Emperor of the Qin dynasty, becoming the first emperor of a unified China. He enacted legalist reforms, notably the
other international organisations, rather than of the EU. There are some EU policies that have affected sport, such as the free movement of workers, which was at the core of the Bosman ruling that prohibited national football leagues from imposing quotas on foreign players with EU member state citizenship. The Treaty of Lisbon requires any application of economic rules to take into account the specific nature of sport and its structures based on voluntary activity. This followed lobbying by governing
other musicians, artists, and celebrities offered public acknowledgements. At the time of his death, Wilson had left behind a substantial body of unreleased work, including the albums Adult/Child and Sweet Insanity, a large collection of 1980s demos, and recordings created with Dennis Wilson, Gary Usher, Andy Paley, and Joe Thomas. There were also tentative releases scheduled for Adult/Child and the Paley sessions. Cows in the Pasture, the unfinished album he had produced for Fred Vail in 1970, had been planned
other solid colors with markings, and white with a variety of colored patches. The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier should be evaluated as a working terrier, and exaggerations, or faults, should be penalized in proportion to how much they interfere with the dog's ability to work. Honorable scars resulting from field work are not to be penalized. Disqualifications: Unilateral or bilateral cryptorchid; viciousness or extreme shyness; unilateral or bilateral deafness; hanging ears; cropped ears; hairlessness; any suggestion of kink or curl in
ouatiner ouest "west" ( < ME west < OE west < Gmc) ouest-africain ouest-allemand ouest-allemande ouest-européen ouest-indien ouest-sud-ouest out (Sports) "an out" outlaw "outlaw" output (Tech.) "output" oxford "oxford" pacotille "business venture; stock of goods" paletot "large coat, cardigan" paletoquet papelard "hypocrite" paquet "packet" paqueter empaqueter parc "park" ( < OFr < ML *parricus < Frk *parruk < Gmc, cf OHG pfarrih "fencing, enclosure", OE pearruc "enclosure, park, paddock", Dut park "park") parquer parquet parcage emparquer parquer "to pen" parquet
out against England in 2004 to surpass the innings of 380 by Matthew Hayden six months earlier. Lara had held the record before Hayden, with a score of 375 against England 10 years earlier. Pakistan's Misbah-ul-Haq holds the record of the fastest Test half century, scoring 50 runs from 21 balls. The record for the fastest Test century is held by New Zealand's Brendon McCullum, who scored 100 runs from 54 balls in his final Test match. The trend of
out and the country resumed a state of civil war that lasted more than three years. Constitutional rule was established in 1947, but because of the ongoing war, many provisions of the ROC constitution were never implemented in mainland China. By 1949, the CCP took control of most of mainland China, and the ROC government retreated to Taiwan. On 1 October 1949, CCP Chairman Mao Zedong formally proclaimed the People's Republic of China. In 1950, the PRC captured Hainan from
out from among others, choose, cull", variant of tirer "to pull out, snatch" < Goth. tiran "to pull away, remove" < Gmc., cf OE teran "to tear away") triage trial trialisme trialiste trié sur le volet trieur trieuse trille "trill" ( < It trillo < Gmc, cf Dut trillen, ME trillen) trimballer "to drag about" ( < earlier trinque-baller, alt. of treque-baller < MDu trekken "to drag" < Gmc) trimer "to run about" ( < OFr trumer < trum "calf,
out of five. Sunday Times said: "comparisons to Dahl are, this time, justified", while The Guardian called it "a richly textured novel given lift-off by an inventive wit" and The Scotsman said it had "all the makings of a classic". In 1997 the UK edition won a National Book Award and a gold medal in the 9- to 11-year-olds category of the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize. The Smarties award, which is voted for by children, made the book well known
out of further harm's way. Just before he did so, another truck, driven by Reginald Denny, entered the intersection. United Press International Radio Network reporter Bob Brill, who was filming the attack on Tarvin, was hit in the head with a bottle and stomped on. Reginald Denny, a white construction truck driver, was pulled from his truck and severely beaten by a group of Black men who came to be known as the "LA Four". The attack was recorded on
out of the area altogether. Moulin later said that officers on the scene were outnumbered and unprepared to handle the situation because their riot equipment was stored at the police academy. Hey, forget the flashlight, it's not worth it. It ain't worth it. It's not worth it. Forget the flashlight. Not worth it. Let's go. Moulin made the call for reporting officers to retreat from the 71st and Normandie area entirely at approximately 5:50 p.m. They were sent to an
out three. He later revealed that he hurt himself during his first inning but continued pitching through the second without informing anyone of his injury. Afterward he was placed on the disabled list for a month. On May 23, he returned from the DL. He was optioned to Fresno on June 7 when Tim Worrell was activated from the DL; Giants' manager Felipe Alou said Wilson was not getting enough playing time. Wilson would go on to have three more
over 1NT) or the denomination is higher at the same level, with the order being in ascending (or alphabetical) order: ♣, ♦, ♥, ♠, and NT (no trump) (e.g., 3♠ over 3♦). Calls may be made orally or with a bidding box. If the last bid was by the opposing partnership, one may also double the opponents' bid, increasing the penalties for undertricks, but also increasing the reward for making the contract. Doubling does not carry to future bids by
over 20 years and woke up early to play golf during his football career. He competed in the Fresh Express Classic at TPC Stonebrae on the Nationwide Tour on April 15–16, 2010, receiving a sponsor's exemption to play in the tournament. Rice missed the cut and finished one shot ahead of last place, 17-over and 151st among the 152 players who completed two rounds. He was a team captain on The Big Break Puerto Rico, where his team won. After
over an undesired contract, especially a doubled contract. Renege Informal term for Revoke; associated with other games such as whist. Reopen See balance. Repechage A form of knockout competition in which winners advance and losers drop into a secondary event from which some number of top performers return to the primary event. Rescue To remove from a contract that partner has bid and which, often, has been doubled. Responder Opening bidder's partner. Response A bid by responder immediately following an
over as closer on September 11 when Hennessey lost the role due to ineffectiveness. He went on to pitch in 24 games, recording a 1–2 record, a 2.28 ERA, 18 strikeouts, six walks, 23+2⁄3 innings pitched, and six saves. Wilson remained the Giants' closer in 2008 and kept the role all season. He recorded 24 consecutive saves from May 3 through August 17, the longest streak by a Giant since Robb Nen had 28 straight in 2000. Wilson was named
own bases, leaving the PAF unable to conduct effective offensive operations. The IAF's raids damaged one USAF and one UN aircraft in Dacca, while a RCAF DHC-4 Caribou was destroyed in Islamabad, along with the USAF's Beech U-8 owned by the US military's liaison chief Brigadier-General Chuck Yeager. Sporadic raids by the IAF continued against PAF forward air bases in Pakistan until the end of the war, and interdiction and close-support operations were maintained. One of the most successful air
own diplomatic seals in the 1930s, the royal arms were depicted on the throne behind George V in a unique form by having the Irish harp in two quarters and the English arms in one. Members of the British royal family are granted their own personal arms. In the past, the monarch's younger sons used various differences; and married daughters of the monarch impaled the plain royal arms with their husbands' arms. But for many centuries now, all members of
own or with their colleagues, take a look at various cars and test them out on various aspects such as performance, handling, and quality. Reviews are conducted in varying locales abroad, or within the United Kingdom, including a specially designed racetrack, parallel to the Top Gear Test Track, called the "Eboladrome". The track was not only used for reviews, but also for conducting timed laps of vehicles that are reviewed, except for ten cars which were timed outside of filming
paid vacation, parental leave, etc., that decrease the need to be in a union. The prevalence of labour unions can be measured by "union density", which is expressed as a percentage of the total number of workers in a given location who are trade union members. The table below shows the percentage across OECD members. Source: OECD Unions may organize a particular section of skilled workers (craft unionism, traditionally found in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and
pair or team is being judged only on the ability to bid with, and play, the same cards as other players. Duplicate bridge is played in clubs and tournaments, which can gather as many as several hundred players. Duplicate bridge is a mind sport, and its popularity gradually became comparable to that of chess, with which it is often compared for its complexity and the mental skills required for high-level competition. Bridge and chess are the only "mind sports" recognized
pairs worldwide. A series of articles published in 2005 and 2006 in the Dutch bridge magazine IMP describes matches between Jack Bridge and seven top Dutch pairs. A total of 196 boards were played. Jack Bridge lost, but by a small margin (359 versus 385 IMPs). There are several free and subscription-based services available for playing bridge on the internet. For example: Bridge Base Online (BBO) is the most active online bridge club in the world, with more than 100,000
pan out was fixing electronics. In a 2022 interview with Fox News Digital, Rice expressed his doubts about being drafted at the time: "To be honest, I never thought I was going to get drafted, I downplayed everything because I didn't want that disappointment of getting up here and then come down in disappointment if it didn't happen". In the first round of the 1985 NFL draft, Dallas had the No. 17 selection and San Francisco, as Super Bowl champion
part in a feature involving head-to-head timed laps between two guests in each episode, with the exception of the final episode which was a special. The third series discontinued the involvement of celebrity guests in order to provide more focus on films, and was the last series of regular episodes with studio segments, car reviews and timed laps. In acknowledgement of this format of the programme being brought to a close, the final episode's last segment included a montage of
part of an envisioned "Latin America" (term used to imply cultural kinship of the region with France) that would rebuild French influence in the American continent and exclude Anglophone American territories. Late in 1861, a well-armed French fleet attacked Veracruz, landing a large French force and driving President Juárez and his government into retreat. Moving on from Veracruz towards Mexico City, the French army encountered heavy resistance from the Mexicans close to Puebla, at the Mexican forts of Loreto and
participate and also make traditional auction theory more complex. By increasing visibility of an item and therefore demand, auctions can make an extremely rare item more likely to sell for a higher price. In 2008, the US National Auctioneers Association reported that the gross revenue of the auction industry for that year was approximately $268.4 billion, with the fastest growing sectors being agricultural, machinery, equipment, and residential real estate auctions. The auctions with the largest revenue for the government are
participate in trade union movements as formal trade union organizations recognized by the state and employers may not accommodate for the employment categories common in the informal economy. Simultaneously, the lack of regular work locations and loopholes relating to false self-employment add barriers and costs for the trade unions when trying to organize the informal economy. This has been a significant threshold to labour organizing in low-income countries, where the labour force mostly works in the informal economy. In the
participating in a finite sequence of auctions. In this model an item valuation derives from the sale of the acquired items via their demand distribution, sale price, acquisition cost, salvage value and lost sales. They established monotonicity properties for the value function and the optimal dynamic bid policy. They also provided a model for the case in which the buyer must acquire a fixed number of items either at a fixed buy-it-now price in the open market or by participating
participating in something, and with the timing of whatever was going on, it just was never an option." However, they also indicated that they will "have to see what might happen in this universe if we're fortunate enough to continue writing within it. She's a character that we have a lot of excitement to revisit." In season one, Macchio and Zabka reprised their respective roles of Daniel LaRusso and Johnny. Additional The Karate Kid actors included Randee Heller as Daniel's
partly as prizes to the top finishers, partly to the bettors who successfully bid on them. A pair or team can typically buy an interest in itself. Call Any bid, pass, double, or redouble in the bidding stage. Canapé An approach to bidding in which a player bids his shorter suit prior to his longer suit. A feature of the Blue Team Club and the Roman Club. Captain In a teams competition, one person called the captain must represent a
partner (dummy) lays their cards face up on the table, and the declarer plays the dummy's cards as well as their own. The opposing partnership is called the defenders, and their goal is to stop the declarer from fulfilling his contract. Once all the cards have been played, the deal is scored: if the declaring side makes their contract, they receive points based on the level of the contract, with some trump suits being worth more points than others and
partner evaluate game prospects when opener's hand is roughly a trick stronger than a minimum opening. For example, after 1♥ – 2♥, opener might rebid 3♣ with a side club suit or a strong club fragment. The bid tells partner where high cards will be most helpful, and requests partner to take positive action, such a direct jump to game, with strength in that suit. Otherwise, the bid requests partner to sign off (in this example, by bidding 3♥). See
partner of the declarer. Dummy's cards are placed face up on the table and played by the declarer. Dummy has few rights and may not participate in choices concerning the play of the hand. The dummy's hand as exposed on the table. Dummy play The play of the hand by declarer. The apparent contradiction is due to the fact that declarer plays both declarer's cards and the dummy's. Dummy reversal A playing technique in trump contracts that gains extra tricks
partner to rebid unless his hand is minimal or sub-minimal for his previous bidding. Compare invitation. Sequence 1) The auction, or calls made in the auction. 2) Two or more cards adjacent in rank. Session A period of play during which those entered in an event play designated boards against designated opponents. Set 1) To defeat a contract. 2) The number of tricks by which a contract is defeated ("a two-trick set"). Set game In rubber bridge, an agreement that
partner where high cards will be least useful, indicating duplication of values. It requests partner to take positive action with high-card strength outside that suit. Otherwise, the bid requests partner to sign off (in this example, by bidding 3♥). See help-suit game try and game try. Short-suit points In hand evaluation, points counted for singletons and voids. Show out Fail to follow suit. Shuffle To mix the cards. Shuffling seldom results in random distributions: in the long run, the cards
partners within the union. Examples of such alliances include the Baltic Assembly, the Benelux Union, the Bucharest Nine, the Craiova Group, the EU Med Group, the Lublin Triangle, the New Hanseatic League, the Three Seas Initiative, the Visegrád Group, and the Weimar Triangle. To become a member, a country must meet the Copenhagen criteria, defined at the 1993 meeting of the European Council in Copenhagen. These require a stable democracy that respects human rights and the rule of law; a
partners) is often sufficient for a partnership to bid, and generally to make, game in a major suit or notrump (more are usually needed for a minor suit game, as the level is higher). In natural systems, a 1NT opening bid usually reflects a hand that has a relatively balanced shape (usually between two and four (or less often five) cards in each suit) and a sharply limited number of high card points, usually somewhere between 12 and 18 –
partnership that can interfere with the opponents' bidding (as by raising the bidding level rapidly) can cause difficulties for their opponents, bidding systems are both informational and strategic. It is this mixture of information exchange and evaluation, deduction, and tactics that is at the heart of bidding in bridge. A number of basic rules of thumb in bridge bidding and play are summarized as bridge maxims. A bidding system is a set of partnership agreements on the meanings of bids.
partnership) is not useful with anything except a four card major suit). Thus an astute partner can read much more than the surface meaning into the bidding. Alternatively, many partnerships play this same bidding sequence as "Crawling Stayman" by which the responder shows a weak hand (less than eight high card points) with shortness in diamonds but at least four hearts and four spades; the opening bidder may correct to spades if that appears to be the better contract. The
partnership) to show a specific holding. Contrast Fast arrival. Slow rubber A rubber completed in three games. See fast rubber. Sluff See discard. Neo-orthography for slough, as used in ruff and sluff. Smack (Slang) Same meaning as crack. Small slam A contract for six odd tricks. Smith signal The Smith signal (also known as Smith echo or Smith peter) is an attitude carding signal in contract bridge showing additional values (or lack thereof) in the first suit led by the
parts are designed to be viewed on the same day or consecutively over two evenings. On 23 October 2015, it was confirmed the plays were set nineteen years after the conclusion of the final novel Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, and would open at London's Palace Theatre in July 2016. The plays principally follow Harry Potter, now Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and his younger son, Albus Severus Potter. The play is divided into two parts,
passed House Joint Resolution 39 proposing a constitutional amendment for direct election of senators. The original resolution passed by the House contained the following clause: The times, places, and manner of holding elections for Senators shall be as prescribed in each State by the legislature thereof. This so-called "race rider" clause would have strengthened the powers of states over senatorial elections and weakened those of Congress by overriding Congress's power to override state laws affecting the manner of senatorial elections.
passed the first law basing the selection of U.S. senators on a popular vote. Oregon was soon followed by Nebraska. Proponents for popular election noted that ten states already had non-binding primaries for Senate candidates, in which the candidates would be voted on by the public, effectively serving as advisory referendums instructing state legislatures how to vote; reformers campaigned for more states to introduce a similar method. William Randolph Hearst opened a nationwide popular readership for direct election of U.S.
passes and later fumbled on an 8-yard pass that was intended to boost Rice's confidence. Rice said that his poor play may have been impacted by his increased wealth and the distractions that came with it. The 49ers finished the regular season with a 10–6 record and made the postseason. During the Wild Card Round against the New York Giants, Rice had four receptions for 44 yards in the 17–3 loss. During the 1986 off-season, Rice spent much of his
patrol officers to have available in similar situations in the future. 1997 Turkish military memorandum: As a result of a meeting held by the National Security Council, the Turkish Armed Forces issues a memorandum to adopt more secular criteria. Later on June 18, the Turkish government resigns because of the pressure. March 4 – U.S. President Bill Clinton bans federal funding for any research on human cloning. March 7 – In Sri Lanka, the Tamil Tigers overrun a military base
pattern and rhythm that he termed "feels", or "brief note sequences, fragments of ideas". He explained, "Once they're out of my head and into the open air, I can see them and touch them firmly." He wrote later that he aspired to write songs that appear "simple, no matter how complex it really is". Common devices in Wilson's musical structures include jazz chords, such as sevenths and ninths. Wilson attributed his use of minor seventh chords to his affinity for
pattern, a formula derived from "Da Doo Ron Ron", as well as a circle of fifths sequence that begins with the mediant (iii), inspired by "Be My Baby". He frequently uses stepwise-falling melodic lines, stepwise diatonic rises, and whole-step root movements. Numerous songs alternate between supertonic and dominant chords or tonic and flattened subtonic chords, the latter featuring in the verses of "Guess I'm Dumb" and the intro to "California Girls". Other songs are characterized by "syncopated exercises and counterpoints
payload explodes, shortly after liftoff from Cape Canaveral. January 18 – In northwest Rwanda, Hutu militia members kill 6 Spanish aid workers and three soldiers, and seriously wound another. January 19 – Yasser Arafat returns to Hebron after more than 30 years, and joins celebrations over the handover of the last Israeli-controlled West Bank city. (→ Hebron Agreement) January 23 – Madeleine Albright becomes the first female Secretary of State of the United States, after confirmation by the United States
peer pressure may induce institutions to align their standards more closely over time (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 13, p. 284; Dionyssis G. Dimitrakopoulos, Chapter 9, p. 193). See the article EU Ethics Body to learn more. The European Union had an agreed budget of €170.6 billion in 2022. The EU had a long-term budget of €1,082.5 billion for the period 2014–2020, representing 1.02% of the EU-28's GNI. In 1960, the budget of the European Community was 0.03 per cent of GDP.
penalties for undertricks, but also increasing the reward for making the contract. Doubling does not carry to future bids by the opponents unless future bids are doubled again. A player on the opposing partnership being doubled may also redouble, which increases the penalties and rewards further. Players may not see their partner's hand during the auction, only their own. There exist many bidding conventions that assign agreed meanings to various calls to assist players in reaching an optimal contract (or
people had been killed, 2,383 had been injured, more than 12,000 had been arrested, and estimates of property damage were over $1 billion, making it the most destructive period of local unrest in US history. Koreatown, situated just to the north of South Central LA, was disproportionately damaged because of racial tensions between the Black and Korean communities. Much of the blame for the extensive nature of the violence was attributed to LAPD chief of police Daryl Gates, who had
people led by conservative Pakistani politicians marched in Lahore and across Pakistan, calling for Pakistan to "crush India". On 23 November, President Yahya Khan declared a national state of emergency and told the country to prepare for war. By the first week of December, the conservative print media outlets in the country had published jihad related materials to boost the recruitment in the military. On the evening of 3 December, at about 17:35, the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) launched surprise
people on board. China General Aviation Flight 7552 bound for Xiamen crashes soon after taking off from Nanjing Dajiaochang Airport, killing 108 of the 116 people on board. August 3–4 – Millions of black South Africans participate in a general strike called by the African National Congress to protest the lack of progress in negotiations with the government of State President of South Africa F. W. de Klerk. August 12 – Canada, Mexico and the United States announce that a
people out of extreme poverty than any other country in history—between 1978 and 2018, China reduced extreme poverty by 800 million, with the average standard of living multiplying by a factor of twenty-six. From 1990 to 2018, the proportion of the Chinese population living with an income of less than $1.90 per day (2011 PPP) decreased from 66.3% to 0.3%, the share living with an income of less than $3.20 per day from 90.0% to 2.9%, and the share living
people reported a religious belief were Estonia (16 per cent) and the Czech Republic (19 per cent). The most religious countries were Malta (95 per cent, predominantly Catholic) as well as Cyprus and Romania (both predominantly Orthodox) each with about 90 per cent of citizens professing a belief in God. Across the EU, belief was higher among women, older people, those with religious upbringing, those who left school at 15 or 16, and those "positioning themselves on the right of
people who have seen the play not to reveal its major twists. The slogan is printed on the tickets for the play and badges with the slogan are handed out for free during intervals. People buying their tickets online are emailed a video after the play from J. K. Rowling asking them to support the campaign. On 26 June 2015, it was announced that Harry Potter and the Cursed Child would make its world premiere at the Palace Theatre in
people's democracy—that is organized around the Leninist principle of democratic centralism. However, the country is commonly described as an authoritarian one-party state and a dictatorship, with some of the world's heaviest restrictions in many civil areas, most notably against freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, free formation of social organizations, freedom of religion and freedom of the Internet. China has consistently been ranked amongst the lowest as an "authoritarian regime" by the Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index, ranking at
per square mile (196.9/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 38.70% White, 57.43% African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 1.96% from other races, and 1.50% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.67% of the population. There were 3,036 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were married couples living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families.
percentage, is Australia, having won 419 of their 874 Tests (47.94%). Excluding teams who have only played a small number of Tests, the least successful team is Zimbabwe. Australian Donald Bradman, widely considered the greatest batsman of all time, holds several personal and partnership records. He scored the most runs in a series, has the most double centuries and was a part of the record 5th wicket partnership. His most significant record is his batting average of 99.94. One of
percussive quality, a technique he adapted from Motown. His first use of a string section was on "The Surfer Moon" in mid-1963. Before Pet Sounds, he seldom used string ensembles, preferring to overdub them after recording the basic instrumental track, which was then followed by vocal overdubs. Beginning with the 1963 track "Surfin' U.S.A.", he double-tracked the vocals, resulting in a more resonant sound. Starting in 1964, Wilson performed tape splices on his recordings, usually to allow difficult vocal sections
perform the IMP score conversion. Intervenor The first player on the other side to make a call other than pass when one side has opened the bidding. Intra-finesse A technique that involves successive finesses against both opponents. Inverted minors An agreement that treats the single raise of a minor suit as strong, and a double raise as preemptive. Invitation A bid which invites the partner to bid on to game or slam if he has extra values. It is a
performances Forever Tango – Broadway production Jekyll & Hyde – Broadway production opened at the Plymouth Theatre and ran for 1543 performances The Life – Broadway production opened at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre and ran for 463 performances The Lion King – Broadway production opened at the New Amsterdam Theatre and is still running, with over 6700 performances to date, making it the third longest run in Broadway history. The Scarlet Pimpernel – Broadway production opened at the Neil Simon
performances of Pet Sounds, with Wilson backed by a 55-piece orchestra. Van Dyke Parks was commissioned to write an overture arrangement of Wilson's songs. Although critics praised the tour, it was poorly attended and resulted in hundreds of thousands of dollars in losses. In March 2001, Wilson attended a tribute show held in his honor at Radio City Music Hall in New York, where he performed "Heroes and Villains" publicly for the first time in decades. The Pet Sounds tour
performed the instrumentation, but as Wilson's sessions came to necessitate 11 or more different players, his reliance on the Wrecking Crew increased. In 1966 and 1967, he almost exclusively used these musicians for the backing tracks, although their involvement diminished considerably after 1967. The musicians, many trained in conservatories, were impressed by his abilities. Unlike most producers, Wilson never required them to devise their own parts. Bassist Carol Kaye recounted that the group "were in awe of Brian", while guitarist
performing Smile was the only way to top the success of Pet Sounds. The idea of performing material from Smile was raised without Wilson objecting, and the Royal Festival Hall, through its programming mandate and budget, ultimately commissioned the project. In 2003, during the recording of his forthcoming album Gettin' in over My Head, Wilson permitted his managers, Ronnie Lippin and Jean Sievers, to schedule shows that would include the live debut of Smile. On May 22, while in London
periods and effectively function as one organization. The chairman of the CMC is the commander-in-chief of the PLA, who maintains absolute control over the military per the chairman responsibility system. The situation of human rights in China has attracted significant criticism from foreign governments, foreign press agencies, and non-governmental organizations, alleging widespread civil rights violations such as detention without trial, forced confessions, torture, restrictions of fundamental rights, and excessive use of the death penalty. Since its inception, Freedom House has
permitted to act on: for example, the manner in which partner plays a particular card, or the tone of voice when making a bid. Unbalanced distribution 1) Broadly, any distribution of a hand or suit other than 4–3–3–3, 4–4–3–2 or 5–3–3–2. 2) Unbalanced is commonly used in a narrow sense that excludes semi-balanced, 5–4–2–2 and 6–3–2–2. Narrowly, unbalanced distribution implies a void, singleton, or 7-card suit. Unbalanced hand A 13-card hand with unbalanced distribution in the broad or narrow sense
persecution. The government of the country is officially atheist, and the Chinese Communist Party requires its members to be atheist. Religious affairs and issues in the country are overseen by the National Religious Affairs Administration, under the CCP's United Front Work Department. Over the millennia, the Chinese civilization has been influenced by various religious movements. The "three doctrines" of Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism have historically shaped Chinese culture, enriching a theological and spiritual framework of traditional religion which harks back
personal camcorder. The police formed a perimeter around the arresting officers as the crowd grew more hostile, leading to further altercations and arrests (including that of Damian Williams' older brother, Mark Jackson). One member of the crowd stole the flashlight of an LAPD officer. Fearing police would resort to deadly force to repel the growing crowd, Lieutenant Moulin ordered officers out of the area altogether. Moulin later said that officers on the scene were outnumbered and unprepared to handle the
personal incomes. List of highest-income counties in the United States List of United States counties by per capita income Persistent poverty county Bureau of Economic Analysis US Census Bureau
phaseout of national currencies in the eurozone (consisting by then of 12 member states) was initiated. The eurozone (constituted by the EU member states which have adopted the euro) has since grown to 20 countries. The 20 EU member states known collectively as the eurozone have fully implemented the currency union by superseding their national currencies with the euro. The currency union represents 345 million EU citizens. The euro is the second largest reserve currency as well as the second
phrasing, form, harmonic understanding, differentiation of style and often basic accuracy; worst of all, it was without emotional content". The jam band Phish records "Slip Stitch and Pass" live at Markthalle, Hamburg, Germany. March 9 The Notorious B.I.G. is shot dead while sitting in the passenger seat of a car after a post Soul Train Awards party in Los Angeles, CA. The Spice Girls become the first act in the history of the UK Top 40 singles charts to have
piano and would most frequently harmonize with those from his senior class in these recordings. Fred Morgan, his high school music teacher, recalled his aptitude for learning Bach and Beethoven at 17. For his Senior Problems course in October 1959, he submitted an essay, "My Philosophy", in which he stated that his ambitions were to "make a name for myself [...] in music". One of Wilson's earliest public performances was at a fall arts program at his high school. He
pitcher. He had a repertoire of four pitches. He threw a straight four-seam fastball around 92-95 mph; this was one of his main pitches. He also had a slider, a cut fastball, and a two-seam fastball. His slider traveled around 89 mph. His cut fastball allowed him to use fewer four-seam fastballs. In 2011, he started throwing the two-seam fastball as well. The two-seamer started away on a right-handed hitter (or in to a left-handed hitter) and had dramatic inward
place in the Pazz & Jop, an annual critics poll run by The Village Voice. Pitchfork named it fifth best album of 2004 and the 25th best album released between 2000 and 2004. According to Guardian contributor Alexis Petridis, news of the album's release caused "an outbreak of mild hysteria" and provoked a journalist from the newspaper to solicit an opinion from the British government, who then supplied a comment from defense secretary Geoff Hoon. Other celebrities and industry figures
plaguing northern China each spring, which then spread to other parts of East Asia, including Japan and Korea. Water quality, erosion, and pollution control have become important issues in China's relations with other countries. Melting glaciers in the Himalayas could potentially lead to water shortages for hundreds of millions of people. According to academics, in order to limit climate change in China to 1.5 °C (2.7 °F) electricity generation from coal in China without carbon capture must be phased out
planes on the ground. India saw the strike as an open act of unprovoked aggression, which marked the official start of the Indo-Pakistani War. In response to the attack, both India and Pakistan formally acknowledged the "existence of a state of war between the two countries" even though neither government had formally issued a declaration of war. Three Indian corps were involved in the liberation of East Pakistan. They were supported by nearly three brigades of Mukti Bahini fighting alongside
planned to include the former communist states of Central and Eastern Europe, as well as Cyprus and Malta, the Copenhagen criteria for candidate members to join the EU were agreed upon in June 1993. The expansion of the EU introduced a new level of complexity and discord. In 1995, Austria, Finland, and Sweden joined the EU. In 2002, euro banknotes and coins replaced national currencies in 12 of the member states. Since then, the eurozone has increased to encompass 21
plant or company. These enterprise unions, however, join industry-wide federations which in turn are members of Rengo, the Japanese national trade union confederation. In Western Europe, professional associations often carry out the functions of a trade union. In these cases, they may be negotiating for white-collar or professional workers, such as physicians, engineers or teachers. In Sweden the white-collar unions have a strong position in collective bargaining where they cooperate with blue-colar unions in setting the "mark" (the industry norm)
play are summarized as bridge maxims. A bidding system is a set of partnership agreements on the meanings of bids. A partnership's bidding system is usually made up of a core system, modified and complemented by specific conventions (optional customizations incorporated into the main system for handling specific bidding situations) which are pre-chosen between the partners prior to play. The line between a well-known convention and a part of a system is not always clear-cut: some bidding systems include specified
play conventions they are using. Normally used during tournaments, their format may be prescribed by the governing bridge organization. Convert To change the effect of a call. For example, passing partner's overcall of 2♦ when playing Michaels cue bids converts the overcall from a request to bid a major suit to a contract of 2♦. There are many other applications: for example, to pass partner's takeout double is to convert it to a penalty double. In rubber bridge and Chicago,
play immediately. He played wide receiver for the Rebels and participated in a 49ers local pro day before the 2014 NFL draft, but was not drafted. Jerry Rice has another son, Brenden Rice, who played football for the University of Colorado Boulder for two years. On January 1, 2022, it was announced that Brenden was transferring to the University of Southern California. As of October 21, 2019, Rice is married to Latisha Pelayo whom he had dated since 2008. Rice
play that creates no direct advantage and might lose. Its principal features are that an opponent will not suspect that such an inept play has been made, and that once the opponent realizes what has occurred, he will be frustrated and angry (and therefore less effective) during subsequent hands. The ploy was first described in a satiric story by Frederick B. Turner in the June 1973 issue of The Bridge World. Guard A holding that prevents an opponent from taking
play the jew's harp (instructions with sound examples and remarks on the functioning of Jew's harps) A page on guimbardes from Pat Missin's free reed instrument website Demir-xomus (Tuvan Jew's Harp) Demos, photos, folktale, and text
played an effective role in promoting mutual understanding and projecting a positive image of Pakistan in Iran. Notable Pakistani political figures Benazir, Murtaza, and Shahnawaz Bhutto were half Iranian Kurds on their mother's side. Nahid Mirza, the First Lady of Pakistan, was an Iranian. Iran and Pakistan, owing to their complementary climates and shared border, possess significant potential for agricultural cooperation. Bilateral trade includes Iranian exports of fruits, nuts, and dairy products, as well as Pakistani exports of rice, corn,
played. Rubber bridge is the most popular variation for casual play, but most club and tournament play involves some variant of duplicate bridge, where the cards are not re-dealt on each occasion, but the same deal is played by two or more sets of players (or "tables") to enable comparative scoring. Bridge is a member of the family of trick-taking games and is a derivative of whist, which had become the dominant such game and enjoyed a loyal following for
player executes a call or play. Some players attempt to intimidate less experienced opponents by playing their cards very quickly. A break in tempo often indicates that a player has an unexpected problem in bidding or play. Temporizing bid Waiting bid. Tenace A broken sequence of (often) honor cards, such as ♠AQ or ♦KJ. Declarer may lead toward his or dummy's tenace, preparing to finesse for a missing card. A defender may lead through declarer's or dummy's tenace to help
players call (or bid) in an auction seeking to take the contract, specifying how many tricks the partnership receiving the contract (the declaring side) needs to take to receive points for the deal. During the auction, partners use their bids to exchange information about their hands, including overall strength and distribution of the suits; no other means of conveying or implying any information is permitted. The cards are then played, the declaring side trying to fulfill the contract, and the
players feel like apprentice wizards. Rybicki also appreciated the variety of spells. However, Villoria noted the spell-casting sequences were forgettable. The game's significant story deviations from the book and film were both a strength and weakness. Rybicki and Boyer appreciated new plot points for variety, but Miller, Villoria, and Bettenhausen criticized the disjointed narrative and dull new tasks, with Bettenhausen warning disappointment for fans expecting fidelity. Conrad found it loosely faithful, maintaining the books' spirit. The voice acting was a
players of all standards. OKbridge is a subscription-based club, with services such as customer support and ethics reviews. RealBridge was launched in November 2020. Its online platform includes built-in audio and video. It is primarily used for organised bridge, ranging from club-level games to national, zonal and world championships. It includes teaching functionality, and provides MiniBridge as an option. Sharkbridge founded in 2020 by Milen Milkovski (Canada), Plamen Panayotov (Canada), John Norris ( Denmark) and Michael Woywode (Germany). SWAN Games
players often ignore this advice in favor of considerations such as the danger hand, combination play, and the known or inferred distribution of other suits. EKB Exclusion Keycard Blackwood, a variant of Roman Keycard Blackwood. EKB uses a suit bid rather than a notrump bid to show a void in that suit and to exclude the named suit ace from the count of keycards. Elimination The removal, by playing a suit or suits, of safe exit cards from defenders' hands,
playing Harry Potter, Noma Dumezweni playing Hermione Granger and Paul Thornley playing Ron Weasley. The casting of the dark-skinned Noma Dumezweni as Hermione sparked controversy, with Rowling responding that Hermione's skin was never specified as white. Further notable casting included Poppy Miller as Ginny Potter, Alex Price as Draco Malfoy, Sam Clemmett as Albus Potter and Anthony Boyle as Scorpius Malfoy. The original production featured an overall cast of 42 actors. Previews for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child began
plc in Brazil. With the emergence of the internet, online auctions have developed, with eBay being the most typical example. For example, if someone owns a rare item, they can display the item through an online auction platform. Interested parties may place bids, with the highest bidder winning the opportunity to purchase the item. Online auctions allow more people to participate and also make traditional auction theory more complex. By increasing visibility of an item and therefore demand, auctions can
plural indicative ending of verbs, e.g. nous mangeons) ( < OFr -omes, -umes < Frk *-omês, -umês; cf OHG -omēs, -umēs) open (Sports) "open, sporting event" openfield "open field" orgueil "pride" orgueilleux s'orgueillir osier "wicker" ouate "pads, waddling" ( < ML wadda < Gmc, cf Du watte, ON vað "cloth", Swed vadd, Eng wad) ouater ouaté ouateux ouatine ouatine "quilt" ouatiner ouest "west" ( < ME west < OE west < Gmc) ouest-africain ouest-allemand ouest-allemande ouest-européen ouest-indien ouest-sud-ouest out (Sports)
points of all 13 cards in one player's hand are counted in sum, as a measure of playing strength of the entire hand, or one component of such a measure. Every honor card is assigned a numeric value. See Hand evaluation. Hold To keep declarer to a particular number of tricks, usually the number required to make the contract. To have in one's hand a particular card or set of cards. (Of a card) To win a trick although a
points, a king for 4, a queen for 2, and a jack for 1 point. For example, when a bid is interpreted as "5- 8421 HCP in S", this means the bidder is expected to have 5 or fewer points in spades, counting an ace as 8 points, etc. Above the line In rubber bridge, the location on the scorepad above the main horizontal line where extra points are entered; extra points are those awarded for holding honor cards in
points. In rubber bridge only, a bonus is awarded for any one hand holding four or five of the honors, i.e. an ace, king, queen, jack or ten. 100 points are awarded for any one hand holding any four of the five trump suit honors, and 150 points are awarded for any one hand holding all five trump suit honors, or all four aces in a notrump contract. Honors may be declared and scored at any time after the auction
police, prosecution and civil litigations across the member states: Europol for police co-operation, CEPOL for training of police forces and the Eurojust for co-operation between prosecutors and courts. It also operates the EUCARIS database of vehicles and drivers, the Eurodac, the European Criminal Records Information System, the European Cybercrime Centre, FADO, PRADO and others. Prohibitions against discrimination have a long standing in the treaties. In more recent years, these have been supplemented by powers to legislate against discrimination based on
policies within the union. The Presidency of the council rotates between member states, with each holding it for six months. Beginning on 1 July 2025, the position is held by Denmark. The European Parliament is one of three legislative institutions of the EU, which together with the Council of the European Union is tasked with amending and approving the European Commission's proposals. 705 members of the European Parliament (MEPs) are directly elected by EU citizens every five years on the
policy and everything in between. Some of the recent developments have been the use of the Internet both as a means of disseminating information about various auctions and as a vehicle for hosting auctions themselves. As already mentioned in the history section, auctions have been used to trade commodified people from the very first. Auctions have been used in slave markets throughout history until modern times in the post-Gaddafi era Libya. The word for slave auction in the Atlantic slave
policy in 1978. According to the World Bank, China's GDP grew from $150 billion in 1978 to $18.74 trillion by 2024. It ranks 78th by nominal GDP per capita, making it an upper-middle income country. Of the world's 500 largest companies, 135 are headquartered in China. China was one of the world's foremost economic powers throughout the arc of East Asian and global history. The country had one of the largest economies in the world for most of the past
political parties vary. In many countries unions are tightly bonded, or even share leadership, with a political party intended to represent the interests of the working class. Typically, this is a left-wing, socialist, or social democratic party, but many exceptions exist, including some of the aforementioned Christian unions. In the United States, trade unions are almost always aligned with the Democratic Party with a few exceptions. For example, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters has supported Republican Party candidates on a
political power began to devolve to the new position of President of Pakistan, which replaced the office of Governor General when Pakistan became a republic, and, eventually, the military. The nominal elected chief executive, the Prime Minister, was frequently sacked by the establishment, acting through the President. The East Pakistanis observed that the West Pakistani establishment swiftly deposed any East Pakistanis elected leader of Pakistan, such as Khawaja Nazimuddin, Mohammad Ali Bogra, Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, and Iskander Mirza. Their suspicions
political reforms which will end the apartheid regime and create a power-sharing multi-racial government. March 22 In French regional elections, the conservative Rally for the Republic and the centre-right Union for French Democracy win in a landslide, capturing 20 of 22 metropolitan regional presidencies. STS-45: Space Shuttle Atlantis takes off from Cape Canaveral carrying instruments designed to study global warming. March 24 – The Treaty on Open Skies is signed in Helsinki, Finland, to establish a program of unarmed surveillance
poll found that 27% of Bangladeshis were wary of India. However, 70% of Bangladeshis held a positive view of India: while 50% of Bangladeshis held a positive view of Pakistan. For Pakistan, the war was a complete and humiliating defeat, a psychological setback that came from a defeat at the hands of rival India. Pakistan lost half its population and a significant portion of its economy, and suffered setbacks to its geopolitical role in South Asia. In the post-war era,
poor and failed to help compensate for the loss of local jobs and the institutional discrimination encountered by racial minorities, especially at the police's hands and financial institutions. Conversely, President Bush argued that the unrest was "purely criminal". Though he acknowledged that the King verdicts were plainly unjust, he said that "we simply cannot condone violence as a way of changing the system ... Mob brutality, the total loss of respect for human life was sickeningly sad ... What we
popularity with children and, in a poll conducted shortly after the launch of Philosopher's Stone, seven of the ten most popular children's books were by Dahl, including the one in top place. The only other children's author of comparable popularity in the late 1990s was an American, R. L. Stine. Some of the story elements in Philosopher's Stone resembled parts of Dahl's stories. For example, the hero of James and the Giant Peach lost his parents and had to live
population and studied by 95 per cent of school students, although following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom only 2% of the population speak it natively. German and French are spoken by 29 per cent and 25 per cent of the population. More than half (59 per cent) of EU citizens are able to engage in a conversation in a language other than their mother tongue, and more than a tenth (11%) are quadrilingual. Luxembourgish (in Luxembourg) and Turkish (in
population as approximately 1,411,778,724. About 17.95% were 14 years old or younger, 63.35% were between 15 and 59 years old, and 18.7% were over 60 years old. Between 2010 and 2020, the average population growth rate was 0.53%. Since 2022, deaths have outpaced births in the country. In 2023, the total fertility rate was reported to be 1.09, ranking among the lowest in the world. In 2023, National Bureau of Statistics estimated that the population fell 850,000 from 2021 to
population of China, according to the 2020 census. Compared with the 2010 population census, the Han population increased by 60,378,693 persons, or 4.93%, while the population of the 55 national minorities combined increased by 11,675,179 persons, or 10.26%. The 2020 census recorded a total of 845,697 foreign nationals living in mainland China. There are as many as 284 living languages in China. The languages most commonly spoken belong to the Sinitic branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family, which contains Mandarin,
population was majority African American and Latino. Fewer than half of all the riot arrests and a third of those killed during the violence were Latino. The riots caused the Emergency Broadcast System to be activated on April 30, 1992, on KCAL-TV and KTLA, the first time in the city's history (not counting the test activation). In the week before the Rodney King verdicts were reached, Los Angeles Police Chief Daryl Gates set aside $1 million for possible police overtime.
population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males. The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,438, and the median income for a family
portrayed by Hobby Dhaliwal in the 2023 Indian film IB 71, which is based on the 1971 Indian Airlines hijacking. In the 2026 Indian film Border 2, he is portrayed by Soumyarka Gupta. Hamoodur Rahman Commission Report
portrayed by Madhur Arora. The Breaking of Pakistan: Yahya Speaks about the Bhutto-Mujib Interaction which Broke Pakistan, Lahore: Liberty Publishers, 1997, 184 p. 1971 Pakistan Military Officer's Revolt Official profile at Pakistan Army website Archived 23 May 2013 at the Wayback Machine YAHYA KHAN AND BANGLADESH Chronicles Of Pakistan Henry Kissinger and PM China discussed Yahya Khan and 1971 loss
position of its rivals—the United States and the People's Republic of China. It gave assurances to India that if a confrontation with the U.S. or China developed, the USSR would take countermeasures. This was enshrined in the Indo-Soviet friendship treaty signed in August 1971. The Soviets also sent a nuclear submarine to ward off the threat posed by USS Enterprise in the Indian Ocean. At the end of the war, the Warsaw Pact countries were among the first to recognize
positive reviews from critics, with praise for the chemistry of its original presenters and strong production values. It is one of Prime Video's most viewed original series, setting viewership records with several of its episodes. It is also one of its most expensive series by production budget. A video game based on the programme, The Grand Tour Game, was released on 15 January 2019. Throughout the first three series of the programme, the format was focused on a similar arrangement
potential contract, some bids carry special coded meanings when used by the partnership as a conventional bid and as such are not normally intended as a potential contract. An obsolete term meaning "contract" (noun). Bid out of turn A bid erroneously made when it was another player's turn to bid. Subject to penalty. Biddable suit A suit that a partnership regards as long and strong enough to be bid naturally. Partnerships often employ different standards of length and strength for
pound sterling and the Italian lira are forced out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism. September 20 – French voters narrowly approve the Maastricht Treaty in the French Maastricht Treaty referendum. September 21 – Mexico establishes diplomatic relations with Vatican City, ending a break that has lasted over 130 years. September 28 Law enforcement officials in the United States, Colombia and Italy announce that they have arrested more than 165 people on money laundering charges related to cocaine trafficking. Pakistan
power in 1949, efforts were made to organize science and technology based on the model of the Soviet Union, in which scientific research was part of central planning. After Mao's death in 1976, science and technology were promoted as one of the Four Modernizations, and the Soviet-inspired academic system was gradually reformed. Since the end of the Cultural Revolution, China has made significant investments in scientific research and is quickly catching up with the U.S. in R&D spending. China officially
power of obtaining, by combination, an increase of general wages at the expense of profits.Beyond this claim, Mill also argued that, because individual workers had no basis for assessing the wages for a particular task, labour unions would lead to greater efficiency of the market system. British trade unions were finally legalized in 1872, after a Royal Commission on Trade Unions in 1867 agreed that the establishment of the organizations was to the advantage of both employers and employees. This
practice rapidly became popular, and in 1660 Samuel Pepys' diary recorded two occasions when the Admiralty sold surplus ships "by an inch of candle". Pepys also relates a hint from a highly successful bidder who had observed that, just before expiring, a candle-wick always flares up slightly: on seeing this, he would shout his final – and winning – bid. The London Gazette began reporting on the auctioning of artwork in the coffeehouses and taverns of London in the late
predetermined based on the number of each board. If the declaring side makes their contract, they receive points for odd tricks, or tricks bid and made in excess of six. In both rubber and duplicate bridge, the declaring side is awarded 20 points per odd trick for a contract in clubs or diamonds, and 30 points per odd trick for a contract in hearts or spades. For a contract in notrump, the declaring side is awarded 40 points for the
preemptors to be within two tricks of their contract if vulnerable, and within three if not. Few players now follow the Rule of Two and Three. Ruling A finding and decision by a tournament director or appeals committee. Run To play the winners in a suit. Rusinow leads An agreement to lead the second highest of touching honors. Sac (Slang) Sacrifice. Also, "sack." Sacrifice (Noun) A contract that was deliberately bid in the expectation of going down, in the hope
premier presides over the State Council, China's cabinet, composed of four vice premiers, state councillors, and the heads of ministries and commissions. The Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) is a political advisory body that is critical in China's "united front" system, which aims to gather non-CCP voices to support the CCP. Similar to the people's congresses, CPPCCs have subdivisions; the National Committee of the CPPCC is chaired by Wang Huning, the fourth-ranking member of the PSC. The governance of
premiere in 2026. As of November 2016 the show has received positive reviews from critics, with The Guardian saying "Jeremy Clarkson and co leave the BBC in their dust". On the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the first series of The Grand Tour has a "fresh" rating of 86%, based on 7 reviews, with an average rating of 8.0/10. The Grand Tour received a nomination in the Original OTT Streamed category at the 2017 Television and Radio Industries Club Awards.
prepare for the forthcoming vocal rehearsals, "I remember him shaking and he sat down and he started crying and yelling 'I'm fucked! I'm fucked!'" They attempted to work on a few songs before Wilson threw the lyric sheet across the room and began shouting from the other room, "Darian! Darian! They are trying to kill me! They are trying to kill me!" On the first day of rehearsals, Wilson had a panic attack and drove himself to the emergency room
prepared an initial configuration, Wilson took control of the console, directing session musicians from the booth using an intercom or non-verbal cues alongside chord charts. Britz recalled that Wilson would work with the players until he achieved the desired sound, a process that frequently lasted for hours. Wilson's choice of musicians, a group later known as the Wrecking Crew, were drawn from Spector's productions. He also occasionally recorded at Gold Star, where most of his sessions were engineered by Stan
presence at the scene around 6:30 p.m. as "none". At 6:43 p.m., a white truck driver, Larry Tarvin, drove down Florence and stopped at a red light at Normandie in a large white delivery truck. With no radio in his truck, he did not know that he was driving into a riot. Tarvin was pulled from the vehicle by a group of men including Henry Watson, who proceeded to kick and beat him, before striking him unconscious with a fire
preserve while declarer executes a squeeze are "busy". Contrast Idle. A busy defense is an alternative term for an active defense. Butler, or Butler scoring A method of scoring in duplicate bridge pairs events. Each pair's result on a board is compared against a "datum" score which is the arithmetic mean of all the results (usually after exclusion of one or more of the top and bottom results), and the difference converted to IMPs. Sometimes, the median is used instead
president of Iran (1981–89), Ayatollah Ali Khamenei succeeded Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini as the spiritual head of the Iranian people. A staunch supporter of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Khamenei is believed to be highly influential in Iran's foreign policy. Khamenei visited Jammu and Kashmir in the early 1980s and delivered a sermon at Srinagar's Jama Mosque. On 19 November 2010, Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei appealed to Muslims worldwide to back the freedom struggle in Muslim-majority Jammu and Kashmir, equating the
presidents. Section 1 codified this precedent. In 1893, Grover Cleveland secretly had cancer surgery, after which he was incapacitated for a time and kept from public view. After Woodrow Wilson's stroke in 1919, no one officially assumed his powers and duties, in part because his wife, Edith Wilson, and the White House physician, Cary T. Grayson, kept his condition secret. By the time Wilson's condition became public knowledge, only a few months remained in his term and Congressional leaders were
pressure from the United States and other Arab states, Pakistan never openly supported Iraq and provided operational/financial aid to Iran albeit the deployment of troops in Saudi Arabia was for the sole purpose of defending the country from any potential attacks by the Iranians. In December 1979, the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan to support the pro-Soviet, communist Afghan government against Islamist uprisings, protect its interests in Central Asia and also as a response to established or growing American influence/dominance in
prevent collective action. The government suppresses popular protests and demonstrations that it considers a potential threat to "social stability". China additionally uses a massive surveillance network of cameras, facial recognition software, sensors, and surveillance of personal technology as a means of social control of persons living in the country. China is regularly accused of large-scale repression and human rights abuses in Tibet and Xinjiang, where significant numbers of ethnic minorities reside, including violent police crackdowns and religious suppression. Since 2017,
prevent the lead of a suit through a tenace position in either declarer's hand or dummy. Back in To make a partnership's first bid, having previously passed. For example, in 1♥ – (P) – 1NT – (P); 2♣ – (Dbl), the doubler has backed into the bidding. Backward finesse A combination of two finesses in a suit such that the first finesse is "backward": that is, leading away from the hand containing the tenace. Balance To keep the bidding open
previews on 31 May 2022, with an official opening night on 19 June 2022. The play set a Canadian weekly box office record for a non-musical play, grossing an estimated $2 million in sales. The Toronto production closed on 2 July 2023, after approximately 444 performances. It set a record for the longest running professional play in Canadian history. On 13 February 2020, it was announced that the production would have its Asian premiere at the TBS Akasaka ACT Theater
previously worked with Bruce Lee, who learnt some nunchaku techniques from Demura. The musical score for The Karate Kid was composed by Bill Conti, a frequent collaborator of director John G. Avildsen since their initial pairing on Rocky (1976). The instrumental score was orchestrated by Jack Eskew and featured pan flute solos by Gheorge Zamfir. On March 12, 2007, Varèse Sarabande released all four Karate Kid scores in a 4-CD box set limited to 2,500 copies worldwide. A soundtrack album
price among interested buyers, reverse auctions and buyer-determined auctions give buyers a chance to find the lowest-price supplier. During a reverse auction, suppliers may submit multiple offers, usually as a response to competing suppliers' offers, bidding down the price of a good or service to the lowest price they are willing to receive. A reverse price auction is not necessarily 'descending-price' — the reverse Dutch auction is an ascending-price auction because forward Dutch auctions are descending. By revealing the competing
price. Both finalists receive a premium: a proportion of the excess of the second price over the third price (at which English auction ended). An Anglo-Dutch auction starts as an English or Japanese auction and then continues as a Dutch auction with a reduced number of bidders. A French auction is a preliminary sealed-bid auction before the actual auction, whose reserve price it determines. A sequential auction is an auction where the bidders can participate in a sequence of auctions.
price; so long as the winning bid is at least the minimum bid, the seller must honor the sale. Outbid – to bid higher than another bidder. Opening bid – the first bid placed on a particular lot. The opening bid must be at least the minimum bid, but may be higher (e.g., a bidder may shout out a considerably larger bid than minimum, to discourage other bidders from bidding). Paddle – a numbered instrument used to place a bid
primarily as a means of violence and revenge, Kamen later trained in Okinawan Gōjū-ryū karate under a Japanese teacher who spoke no English but had studied with Chōjun Miyagi. As a Hollywood screenwriter, Kamen was mentored by Frank Price, who informed him that producer Jerry Weintraub had optioned a news article about the young son of a single mother who earned a black belt to defend himself from neighborhood bullies. Drawing on both the article and elements of his own
principles and procedures. The legal basis for EU environmental policy was established with the introduction of the Single European Act in 1987. Initially, EU environmental policy focused on Europe. More recently, the EU has demonstrated leadership in global environmental governance, e.g. the role of the EU in securing the ratification and coming into force of the Kyoto Protocol despite opposition from the United States. This international dimension is reflected in the EU's Sixth Environmental Action Programme, which recognises that its
priorities, with the goal of achieving 35 member states by 2030. Institutional and budgetary reforms are being discussed in order for the EU to be ready for the new members. Ahead of the elections in June 2024, the Russo-Ukrainian war led to inflation, lowering life level and created a possibility of strong changes in the elections. In December 2025, it was leaked that the United States government would attempt to persuade "Austria, Hungary, Italy, and Poland" to depart the EU
prisoners of war. The Soviet Union sympathised with the East Pakistanis, and supported the Indian Army and Mukti Bahini's incursion against Pakistan during the war, in a broader view of recognising that the secession of East Pakistan as Independent Bangladesh would weaken the position of its rivals— the United States and China. The Soviet Union gave assurances to India that if a confrontation with the United States or China developed, it would take counter-measures. This assurance was enshrined in the
problems that have resulted in inner-city difficulties were started in the 1960s and 1970s and ... they have failed ... [N]ow we are paying the price." Writers for former Congressman Ron Paul framed the riots in similar terms in the June 1992 edition of the Ron Paul Political Newsletter, billed as a special issue focusing on "racial terrorism". "Order was only restored in LA", the newsletter read, "when it came time for the blacks to pick up their welfare checks
producers", although other accounts suggest Spector was dismissive of Wilson's abilities on some occasions. Following Spector's example, he had taken full production control for the Beach Boys by 1963, and despite his assertion that he had "learned how to produce" from watching Spector, Levine countered, "the truth is, he was already producing records before he observed Phil." Wilson submitted "Don't Worry Baby" and "Don't Hurt My Little Sister", both written with the Ronettes in mind, but Spector declined. He also
producing, and performing his own material. Wilson's autonomy encompassed control over recording studios and personnel, including engineers and the typically intrusive A&R representative. According to biographer James Murphy, Wilson's singular artistic freedom was pivotal in reshaping both the landscape of popular music and the music industry's perception of artistic control. In addition to being one of the first music producer auteurs, Wilson helped popularize the idea of the recording studio as a compositional tool, and he was the first rock
progressive rock January 1 – Townes Van Zandt dies of a cardiac arrhythmia. January 6 – Scottish band Texas release first single, "Say What You Want" from their 6× Platinum album "White on Blonde" January 7 – The Spice Girls release their debut single, "Wannabe" in the U.S. and premiere the music video eighteen days later. January 9 – David Bowie performs his 50th Birthday Bash concert (the day after his birthday) at Madison Square Garden, New York City, USA
promoted the need for four modernisations in China before he died. Kissinger examines the legacies left behind by Mao and Zhou. The rise of Deng is recorded in the later chapters of the book, revealing how he effectively reformed and opened China up. The book shows how Deng neutralised relations with the U.S. and strengthened China internally to preclude the spread of Soviet influence. He records the deaths of leaders such as Hua Guofeng. Kissinger records how China adopted a
promotions and just-cause conditions for termination), and protecting and increasing the bargaining power of workers. Trade unions typically fund their head office and legal team functions through regularly imposed fees called union dues. The union representatives in the workforce are usually made up of workplace volunteers who are often appointed by members through internal democratic elections. The trade union, through an elected leadership and bargaining committee, bargains with the employer on behalf of its members, known as the rank and
proper conduct as to the exchange of information concerning a hand, as to attitude and etiquette, as to partnership agreements, and as to spectators' conduct. Protect See balance. (In the UK, protect is the more usual term.) Protest See appeal. (In the UK, protest is the more usual term.) Pseudo squeeze A position that, to a defender, appears to be a true squeezed position, but is not. Declarer hopes that the defender will misplay as a result. The literature often
protesters formed at the Los Angeles police headquarters at Parker Center in Downtown Los Angeles. The crowd grew as the afternoon passed and became violent. The police formed a skirmish line to protect the building, sometimes moving back in the headquarters as protesters advanced, attempting to set the Parker Center ablaze. In the midst of this, before 6:30 p.m., police chief Daryl Gates left Parker Center, on his way to the neighborhood of Brentwood. There, as the situation in Los
provide aid to those affected by the continuing French-Mexican War going on at the time. They called their group the Junta Patriótica de las Señoras de Sonora (a town founded by miners from Sonora, Mexico), specifically, in the 1850s. Columbia was its next door neighbor, and there were many Mexican miners living there, too. ), which translates to Ladies' Patriotic Assembly of Sonora, and they would hold Cinco de Mayo celebrations each year for a time to commemorate the Mexican
provided the enemy an opportunity to dismember us. After the war, the Pakistan Army's generals in the East held each other responsible for the atrocities committed, but most of the burden was laid on Lieutenant-General Tikka Khan, who earned notoriety from his actions as governor of the East; he was called the "Butcher of Bengal" because of the widespread atrocities committed within the areas of his responsibility. Tikka was a "soldier known for his eager use of force". Lieutenant-General A.
provides a history of the Chinese view on international affairs and their concepts of international relations. He focuses on Chinese Realpolitik and Sun Tzu's Art of War. Kissinger states that for many years China was the "middle kingdom" of the world surrounded by various small and insignificant states which threatened invasion leading to the construction of a strategic body of thought. Kissinger describes China's belief that they are the centre of the world and exemplify the paradigm of civilisation. Kissinger
provinces of West Pakistan to their pre-1955 configuration. The decree had no effect on East Pakistan. However, the dissolution of the One Unit policy did not lead to the positive results that it might have yielded if withdrawn earlier. Yahya also made an attempt to accommodate the East Pakistanis by abolishing the principle of parity, in the hope that a greater share in the assembly would redress their wounded ethnic regional pride and ensure the integrity of Pakistan. Instead of
psychic. Pull 1) To remove the opponents' trumps. 2) To remove partner's double. Pump (slang) To force out an opponent's trump, usually by means of a forcing defense. Puppet An artificial bid that simply requests partner to make a specified cheap reply – commonly the cheapest sufficient bid, or next step. Puppet Stayman A version of Stayman employed after an opening bid of 1NT or 2NT which could include a five-card major. Push 1) (Verb) To force the opponents to
public Franco-German TV network that promotes programming in the areas of culture and the arts. 80 per cent of its programming are provided in equal proportion by the two member companies, while the remainder is being provided by the European Economic Interest Grouping ARTE GEIE and the channel's European partners. The MEDIA Programme of the European Union has supported the European popular film and audiovisual industries since 1991. It provides support for the development, promotion and distribution of European works
public naming of the show, Amazon offered new customers a £20 discount for their first year on Amazon Prime during 14–16 May 2016. A trailer announcing the release date of the show as 18 November 2016 was posted on the show's YouTube channel on 15 September 2016. A second, full-length trailer, was released on 6 October 2016. Trailers for series one have used the music "Come with Me Now" by Kongos, while series two trailers have used "Live and Let
publicly displayed. In some cases a maximum bid might be left with the auctioneer, who may bid on behalf of the bidder according to the bidder's instructions. The auction ends when no participant is willing to bid further, at which point the highest bidder pays their bid. Alternatively, if the seller has set a minimum sale price in advance (the 'reserve' price) and the final bid does not reach that price the item will remain unsold. Sometimes the auctioneer sets
published by the Sacred Harp Publishing Company; David Ivey was the editorial chair for this revision. This book is used as the principal or only book at the majority of major singing events (known as "conventions" and "all-day singings"). This book is often known as the "Denson Book" (from the principal editor of previous editions in its revision lineage). Work on this revision began in 2018; the first public singing from this revision took place with the 2025 session of
purpose of this example, let us assume South wins the ♠A at trick 1). South proceeds by drawing trumps, leading the ♥K. West decides there is no benefit to holding back, and so wins the trick with the ace, and then cashes the ♠Q. For fear of conceding a ruff and discard, West plays the ♦2 instead of another spade. Declarer plays low from the table, and East scores the ♦Q. Not having anything better to do, East returns the
qualifier c) not by representation of geographic zones, nations, cities, clubs, etc; nor by requirement that pair or team members share geographic residence, club membership, etc (national event, etc) d) not by age, sex, or playing record (seniors, Masters, etc). Open is generally ambiguous but it does have the last sense (d) in the names of WBF world championship events, where the relevant Categories are Youth (with subcategories), Seniors, Women, and Open. For the WBF, transnational means open in sense
quarter was unaltered following the division of Ireland into Northern Ireland and the Irish Free State in 1922. The present arms do not include a representation of the United Kingdom's fourth constituent country, Wales. It is instead represented heraldically by two royal badges, which use the Welsh dragon and the coat of arms of Llywelyn ab Iorwerth respectively. At the centre of the arms is a quartered shield, depicting the three passant guardant lions of England in the first and
questions involved in selling one's virginity. The earliest reported attempts to auction virginity online date to at least early 2004. As far back as 1998, however, the earliest known Internet attempt to capitalize on virginity was the 1998 hoax Our First Time where two alleged 18-year-olds planned to have sex for the first time online. In another notable hoax, in August 1999, an alleged 17-year-old male American high school senior named Francis D. Cornworth posted an auction for his virginity
quibbles", while The Guardian's Michael Billington awarded four stars. Anthony Boyle's performance as Scorpius Malfoy garnered particular acclaim. WhatsOnStage wrote that "Boyle gives a career-making performance", while The Wall Street Journal described him as "the break-out performance". Variety's critic, Matt Trueman, agreed, writing, "it's Boyle who really stands out", and both Trueman and Henry Hitchings, in the Evening Standard, noted that his performance was sure to be a fan favourite. The play was met with a polarised response from the
quits, his tormentors will have gotten the best of him. As a result, Daniel convinces Miyagi to use a pain suppression technique to help him continue. As Johnny is about to be declared the winner by default, Daniel returns to fight. The match is a seesaw battle, with neither able to break through the other's defense. The match is halted when Daniel uses a scissor-leg technique to trip Johnny, delivering a blow to the back of his head and giving
race, gender, and sexual orientation were found to have regularly contributed to the LAPD's use of excessive force. The commission's report called for the replacement of both Chief Daryl Gates and the civilian Police Commission. In the years before the riots, resentment and violence between the African American and Korean American communities in Los Angeles were increasing. Many Korean shopkeepers were upset because they suspected shoplifting from their black customers and neighbors. Many black customers were angry because they routinely
rally. Responding to this, President Yahya Khan accepted the resignation of Lieutenant General Yaqub Khan as governor of East Pakistan and commander of the army's Eastern Command in March 1971 and appointed Lieutenant General Tikka Khan as his successor. Tikka Khan arrived in Dacca the same month and took over the governorship. He assumed command of the Eastern Command on 7 March 1971. He has faced accusations of killing thousands of civilians. Acting on the instructions of President Yahya Khan's
ranche "wooden peg" ( < OFr < Frk *runka < hrunga "rung" < Gmc, infl by *hranka "vine shoot, gimlet" < Gmc, cf MDu ranke "branch") rancher "peg-ladder" randonner "to hike" ( < OFr randon < randir "to run" < rant "a run" < Frk *rand "a run" < Frk *rinnan "to run" < Gmc) rang "rank, row" ranger rangée déranger arranger ranz "ranz des vaches" râpe "a rasp, grater, grate" râpe "stalk (of grapes), stem" râper "to grate, rasp"
rapidly destroyed the small air contingent in East Pakistan and put the Dacca airfield out of commission. In the meantime, the Indian Navy effectively blockaded East Pakistan. Indian 95 Brigade under the command of H. S. Kler and Mukti Bahini forces had laid siege to a border post in the town of Kamalpur since November defended by a platoon of Pakistani paramilitary commandos, but after the declaration of war, with the support of IAF which bombed the town from 3
rare bottles and mature vintages, which are not typically available through retail channels. In livestock auctions, sheep, cattle, pigs and other livestock are sold. Sometimes very large numbers of stock are auctioned, such as the regular sales of 50,000 or more sheep during a day in New South Wales. In timber auctions, companies purchase licenses to log on government land. In timber allocation auctions, companies purchase timber directly from the government. In electricity auctions, large-scale generators and distributors of electricity
ratified by seven states through 1792 (including Kentucky), but was not ratified by another state for eighty years. The Ohio General Assembly ratified it on May 6, 1873, in protest of an unpopular Congressional pay raise. A century later, on March 6, 1978, the Wyoming Legislature also ratified the article. This proposed amendment was largely forgotten until Gregory Watson, an undergraduate student at the University of Texas at Austin, wrote a paper on the subject in 1982 for a political
rats, stray cats, and any other animals they consider prey. They also dig and follow mole trails, leaving an array of trenches and holes behind. They make excellent watch dogs, and can be very protective and territorial. They share a love for their families and become very attached, craving human interaction and affection. Always by their owners' sides, they become constant shadows, following their masters around throughout the daily routine. These dogs are very smart and loyal, which makes them
rattacher "to re-attach" rattraper "to recapture" rayon "honeycomb" ( < Frk *hrâta cf M.Dut "rata" ) rebander "to retie, refasten" rebâtir "to rebuild" reblanchir "re-whiten" reborder "to re-edge, reborder" rebouteur "a bone-setter" reboutonner "to rebutton" rebrider "to rebridle" rebroder "to reimbroider" rebrousser "to turn back" rebuter "to repel" rebut rebutant receper "to cut down" ( < re- + cep "stock" < Lat cippus "stake, beam" < Gmc, cf OE cipp "beam, chip of wood", Dut kip "strip of wood") recepée
reaching the top 10, including the number-ones "I Get Around" (1964), "Help Me, Rhonda" (1965), and "Good Vibrations" (1966). Three more that he produced, but did not write, were the band's "Barbara Ann" (number 2) in 1965, "Sloop John B" (number 3) in 1966, and "Rock and Roll Music" (number 5) in 1976. Among his other top 10 hits, Wilson co-wrote Jan and Dean's "Surf City" (the first chart-topping surf song) and "Dead Man's Curve" (number 8) in 1963, and
reads: "It may not be as powerful as the 1984 edition, but the 2010 Karate Kid delivers a surprisingly satisfying update on the original". Metacritic, another review aggregator, assigned the film a weighted average score of 61 out of 100 based on 37 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, the highest of the franchise. Ann Hornaday described Jaden Smith as a "revelation", who
ready to be played by the next table. The dealer opens the auction and can make the first call, and the auction proceeds clockwise. When it is their turn to call, a player may pass – but can enter into the bidding later – or bid a contract, specifying the level of their contract and either the trump suit or no trump (the denomination), provided that it is higher than the last bid by any player, including their partner. All
reason for the nature of the segment was a last-minute panic. "Celebrity Brain Crash" was replaced in series two by "Celebrity Face Off" where two celebrities compete to be the fastest around a track, avoiding legal complications with the BBC. An episode was censored by Amazon Prime Video in India because it included footage that could have been construed as offensive by the Indian audience. The footage showed a car with a body frame that was made of a cow's
reason, suggest" < Gmc, cf OE rǣswan "to think, suppose, consider, suspect, conjecture, reflect") rêver revêche "harsh, sharp" ( < OFr ruvesche "savage, without pity" < Frk *hreubisck "hard, rough" < Gmc, cf ON hriūfr "rough") rêver "to dream" rêveur rêverie rhum "rum" ( < Eng rum) ribote "drunkenness, debauchery" riboter riboteur ricaner "to sneer" ( < rec(h)aner "to bray" < Norm cane "tooth" < Frk *kinni "jaw, chin" < Gmc, cf OHG chinni "chin", OE cinn "chin") ricanerie ricaneur
recalled Haley's "Rock Around the Clock" (1954) as the first music he felt compelled to learn and sing. His education in music composition and jazz harmony largely came from deconstructing the vocal harmonies of the Four Freshmen, whose repertoire included works by Gershwin, Jerome Kern, and Cole Porter. Wilson credited his mother with introducing him to the Four Freshmen, attributing his love for harmonies and the human voice to their "groovy sectional sound". Their 1956 album Freshmen Favorites was the
receive points based on the level of the contract, with some trump suits being worth more points than others and no trump being worth even more, as well as bonus points for any overtricks. If the declarer fails to fulfill the contract, the defenders receive points depending on the declaring side's undertricks (the number of tricks short of the contract) and whether the contract was doubled or redoubled. The four players sit in two partnerships with players sitting opposite their
receive the average. However, complications occur if not every board is played the same number of times, or when an "adjusted" (director-awarded) score occurs. These cases can result in non-integer matchpoint scores – see Neuberg formula. These matchpoints are added across all the hands that a pair plays to determine the winner. Scores are usually given as percentages of a theoretical maximum: 100% would mean that the partnership achieved the best score on every single hand. In practice, a result
received 65.7 million international visitors in 2019, and in 2018 was the fourth-most-visited country in the world. It also experiences an enormous volume of domestic tourism; Chinese tourists made an estimated 6 billion travels within the country in 2019. China hosts the world's second-largest number of World Heritage Sites (60) after Italy, and is one of the most popular tourist destinations (first in the Asia-Pacific). China was a world leader in science and technology until the Ming dynasty. Ancient and
received a majority, the joint assembly was required to keep convening every day to take at least one vote until a senator was elected. Nevertheless, between 1891 and 1905, 46 elections were deadlocked across 20 states; in one extreme example, a Senate seat for Delaware went unfilled from 1899 until 1903. The business of holding elections also caused great disruption in the state legislatures, with a full third of the Oregon House of Representatives choosing not to swear the oath
received guidance from the league on its gambling policy for proposing a friendly $10,000 bet on which of the two would earn Offensive Rookie of the Year honors. He signed his four-year rookie contract, worth $29.9 million fully guaranteed, on May 10, 2024. Nabers switched to the uniform number 1 after initially wearing 9 during the preseason, becoming the first Giant to wear it since 1935 when it was retired for Ray Flaherty. In his NFL debut, Nabers had five
received of the "genocidal" activities of the Pakistani military in East Pakistan, most notably the Blood telegram, and this prompted widespread criticism and condemnation – both by the United States Congress and in the international press. Nixon himself stated, "Biafra stirred up a few Catholics. But you know, I think Biafra stirred people up more than Pakistan, because Pakistan they're just a bunch of brown goddamn Moslems." Then U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, George H. W. Bush, introduced a
received their usage or sense (i.e. were created, modified or influenced) due to Germanic speakers or Germanic linguistic habits (e.g. comté, avec, commun, on, panne, avoir, ça) are not included. Many other Germanic words found in older versions of French, such as Old French and Anglo-French are no longer extant in Standard Modern French. Many of these words do, however, continue to survive dialectally and in English. See: List of English Latinates of Germanic origin. hache "hachet" hachette hachereau hacher
receiving touchdowns against Kentucky State, and 15 for 285 yards against Jackson State. During the game against Kentucky State, Rice caught twelve passes and scored three touchdowns in a single quarter. As a senior in 1984, he surpassed his own Division I-AA records for receiving yards (1,845), and receptions (112); his 27 touchdown receptions in the 1984 season set the NCAA record for every division. The 1984 Delta Devils averaged more than 60 points per game. Rice was named to
reception, 183-yard performance with two touchdowns to go along with a 26-yard touchdown rush, totaling 209 scrimmage yards in the 56–17 victory. He won NFC Offensive Player of the Week for this game against the Falcons. In Week 13 against the Philadelphia Eagles, he had eight receptions for 133 receiving yards and one touchdown in the 20–14 victory. He won NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his game against the Eagles. Rice surpassed Steve Largent's career receiving touchdown record
receptions for 512 yards and seven touchdowns, with all three statistics career Super Bowl records. During the 1995 season, Rice had a record-setting campaign. After an 87-yard, one-touchdown day to start the season against the New Orleans Saints, Rice had 11 receptions for 167 yards and two touchdowns in a 41–10 victory over the Atlanta Falcons. Following a two-touchdown game against the New England Patriots in Week 3, Rice had 11 receptions for 181 yards in a 27–24 loss to
recognized as Wilson's therapist and had surrendered his California psychology license. Together, they worked on Wilson's second solo album, Sweet Insanity, with Landy co-writing nearly all the material. Sire rejected the album due to Landy's lyrics and the inclusion of Wilson's rap song "Smart Girls". In May 1989, Wilson recorded "Daddy's Little Girl" for the film She's Out of Control, and in June, he was among the featured guests on the charity single "The Spirit of the Forest". By 1990,
record producer October 6 – Michael J. Woodard, American singer October 7 – J. Rey Soul, Filipino-American singer October 8 – Bella Thorne, American actress and singer October 9 – Megan Moroney, American country singer October 10 – DDG, American rapper, singer and YouTuber October 14 – Miru Shiroma, Japanese singer and model November 18 - Hope Tala, British singer-songwriter October 23 – Minnie, Thai singer-songwriter, record producer, and member of (G)I-dle October 24 Arthur Gunn, American singer Raye, British
record set by Mike Evans at 21 years and 73 days old. In week 16, he had 7 receptions for 68 yards, breaking Odell Beckham Jr.'s previously held record of 91 receptions as a rookie. On December 29, 2024, during the week 17 game against the Indianapolis Colts, Nabers and Tyrone Tracy became the 3rd rookie duo in NFL history to each record 1,000 yards from scrimmage. Nabers ended the game with 7 receptions, 171 yards and two touchdowns in
recorded just one catch for -4 yards; head coach Ben Johnson said he was "surprised" by Moore's performance but planned to get him involved in later games. The following week against the Cleveland Browns, he had two touchdowns, including a 22-yard score in which he leaped over Tyson Campbell and Grant Delpit to catch what was described as a "magic trick" pass from Williams. In the rematch with Green Bay in Week 16, Moore caught the game-winning 46-yard touchdown in
recording took place in Rotterdam on 22 October 2016 and Lapland on 3 November 2016. Stuttgart (Ludwigsburg) was also a filming location. The final studio filming took place in Dubai in December 2016. For the second series, following Clarkson's pneumonia and Hammond's car crash, the producers decided that there would no longer be a travelling tent. Instead the tent would be in one location near Clarkson's home in the Cotswolds as this would be more convenient for the crew to
records" he had ever heard, influenced his use of synthesizers. It is often reported that the Beach Boys and the Beatles influenced each other, although Wilson rejected the notion, saying he "studied [Phil Spector] way more than The Beatles or any other music." He acknowledged that he had felt threatened by the Beatles' success and that this awareness drove him to concentrate his efforts on trying to outdo them in the studio. He praised Paul McCartney's stylistic versatility and commended
recruitment in the military. On the evening of 3 December, at about 17:35, the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) launched surprise pre-emptive strikes on eight Indian airfields, including Agra, which was 480 kilometres (300 mi) from the border. At the time of the attack, the Taj Mahal had been camouflaged with lots of twigs and leaves and draped with burlap, because its marble glowed prominently in the moonlight. These pre-emptive strikes, known as Operation Chengiz Khan, were inspired by the success
redouble (an action) is passed out if it is followed by three passes, which end the auction. The last action identifies the contract and the play follows. Passive defense An approach to defending a hand that emphasizes waiting for tricks that declarer must eventually lose, getting off lead safely, and avoiding plays that will set up tricks for declarer. Often indicated when neither declarer nor dummy has a running side suit or when the declaring side may have over-reached in
redouble may also convey additional information. Re-entry A card that enables a hand to gain the lead on a later trick, after that hand has already gained the lead with a different entry card. Refuse (Verb). Of a trick, to duck. Reject To fail to comply with a bid that has made a request, such as an invitation or a transfer. Relay bid, or relay An artificial bid that requests partner to further describe his hand. The relay is usually
reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation. Air transportation is organised under the TEN-T by the Trans-European Airport network. European airports are categorised as international, community, or regional. The Charles de Gaulle Airport is the busiest in the EU, located in and near the city of Paris, in France. The European Common Aviation Area (ECAA) is a single market in aviation.
referenced or responded to the riots via their works. Ice Cube has written several songs that reference the riots such as "We Had to Tear This Motherfucka Up", while Aerosmith's song "Livin' on the Edge" from their 1993 album Get a Grip was also inspired. Ice-T's song "Race War" from his 1993 solo album Home Invasion addressed the riots and the potential for further disturbances. Dr. Dre's song, "The Day tha Niggaz Took Over" from his album The Chronic was
reformers to the Politburo Standing Committee of the Chinese Communist Party, signaling a defeat for hard-line ideologues. October 20 – The last Yugoslav Army troops leave Croatia. October 21 – 150,000 coal miners march in London to protest government plans to close coal mines and reduce the number of miners. October 23 – Emperor of Japan Akihito begins the first imperial visit to China, telling a Beijing audience he feels deep sorrow for the suffering of the Chinese people during
refrains from drafting specific policies, instead using the informal networks and site visits to affirm or suggest changes to the direction of local policy experiments or pilot programs. The typical approach is that central government leadership begins drafting formal policies, law, or regulations after policy has been developed at local levels. The PRC is constitutionally a unitary state divided into 23 provinces, five autonomous regions (each with a designated minority group), four direct-administered municipalities—collectively referred to as "mainland China"—as well
regard regardant regarnir "to refurbish" regimber "to kick" ( < re- + gimber < gibier < Gmc) regratter "to re-scratch, rabate, bargain" regrat regrattier regratterie regretter "to regret" regret regrettable reître "rider, horseman" ( < Germ reiter < Gmc) relayer "to relieve" ( < re- + OFr layer "to stop, continue, leave" < LL latare < Gmc, cf Goth lātan) relai reluquer "to ogle" ( < re- + OFr luquier "to look" < M.Dut loeken ) remarquer "to remark" remarque
regarded pop musician in America. Hands down." Elton John credited Wilson with revolutionizing bass technique for songwriters and keyboardists, being "the first" in popular music to write bass lines rooted in the third or fifth scale degree. The 1967 CBS documentary Inside Pop: The Rock Revolution described Wilson as "one of today's most important pop musicians". Artists who have described Wilson as a "genius" have included George Martin, Leon Russell, Eric Clapton, Pete Townshend, Jimmy Page, Elton John, Tom Petty,
regards as long and strong enough to be bid naturally. Partnerships often employ different standards of length and strength for suits named in opening bids, in responses, in rebids and in overcalls. Bidding The first stage of a deal, when players jointly determine the final contract. Having examined their own cards, they make a series of calls in rotation, which is called the auction or the bidding. Bidding box A box placed on the table (one box for each player)
regions. Cricket is also played to some extent in Iranian Balochistan; most of the Iranian national cricket team is Balochi, and Iranian cricket was established in Sistan and Baluchestan province in 1981 by Pakistani nationals. The game became popular through contact between neighbouring Iranian and Pakistani cities, such as Chabahar and Gwadar, Saravan and Panjgur, Zahedan and Quetta. Since Iran has no diplomatic relations with the United States; the Iranian interests section in the United States is represented by the
relai reluquer "to ogle" ( < re- + OFr luquier "to look" < M.Dut loeken ) remarquer "to remark" remarque remarquable remballer "to repack" remblayer "to embank" remblai rembrunir "to darken" rembrunissement rempocher "to repocket" rempoter "to repot" rempotage renard "fox" renarde renardeau renardière rengager "to re-engage" rengagement renifler "to sniff at" renne "reindeer" reps "rep (fabric)" ( < Eng ribs < Gmc) requinquer "to spruce up" ressac "surf" ressaisir "to re-seize" retaper "to comb the wrong way" retirer "to
related to abortion, voters in Ireland reject the proposed Twelfth Amendment of the Constitution Bill 1992 but approve the Thirteenth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland and the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland. November 27 – The government of Venezuela puts down a coup attempt by a group of Air Force officers who have bombed the presidential palace. December 1 – South Korea and South Africa reestablish diplomatic relations. South Korea previously had diplomatic relations with South Africa
relations further. This was followed by the Taliban's capture of the city of Mazar-i-Sharif in 1998, in which thousands of Shi'a Muslims were massacred, according to Amnesty International. The most serious breach in relations came in 1998, after Iran accused the Taliban government's forces of taking 11 Iranian diplomats, 35 Iranian truck drivers and an Iranian journalist hostage, and later executing all of them. Iran massed over 300,000 troops on the Afghan–Iranian border and threatened to invade Afghanistan to depose
relative size of their bids. In usual auctions like the English one, bids are prices. In Dutch and Japanese auctions, the bids are confirmations. In a version of the Brazilian auction, bids are numbers of units being traded. Structure elements of a bid are called attributes. If a bid is one number like price, it is a single-attribute auction. If bids consists of multiple-attributes, it is a multi-attribute auction. A Yankee auction is a single-attribute multiunit auction running like a
release with Smiley Smile, a downscaled version, and a legend subsequently grew around the original project. During the 1980s, unreleased material from its recording sessions circulated on bootlegs, leading many fans to compile a hypothetical version of the completed album. Among these fans were Los Angeles musicians Darian Sahanaja, Probyn Gregory, and Nick Walusko, later members of the band Wondermints and contributors to journalist Domenic Priore's Smile-focused fanzine, The Dumb Angel Gazette. In 1995, Wilson reteamed with Parks for the
released in 1905. China has had the largest number of movie screens in the world since 2016; China became the largest cinema market in 2020, and domestic movies dominate the market. The top three highest-grossing films in China as of 2025 were Ne Zha 2 (2025), The Battle at Lake Changjin (2021), and Wolf Warrior 2 (2017). In 2025, the video game market of China was the world's largest by revenue. China has the most comprehensive and sophisticated Internet censorship
released since 1997, as well as number 21 on Rolling Stone's list of the greatest concept albums in history. The songs performed at the Royal Festival Hall shows in February 2004. Per the album's liner notes. The Brian Wilson Band Stockholm Strings 'n' Horns Production and technical staff Contemporary articles Brian Wilson Presents Smile at Discogs (list of releases) Soundtrack of Brian Wilson Presents Smile at IMDb
religious beliefs, in what some described as a genocide or crimes against humanity. According to reports, political indoctrination, torture, physical and psychological abuse, forced sterilization, sexual abuse, and forced labor are common in these facilities. The Chinese authorities have also cracked down on dissent in Hong Kong, especially after the passage of a national security law in 2020. In 2017 and 2020, the Pew Research Center ranked the severity of Chinese government restrictions on religion as being among the world's
remarked that "ratification [of a proposed constitutional amendment] must be within some reasonable time after the proposal", and suggested that it was "quite untenable" to view proposed amendments from 1789, 1810, and 1861 as still pending. However, in Coleman v. Miller, the court ruled that the validity of state ratifications of a constitutional amendment is a political matter, and thus not properly assigned to the judiciary. It also held that for a political question, it was up to Congress to
remnant of the Song dynasty in 1279. Before the Mongol invasion, the population of Song China was 120 million citizens; this was reduced to 60 million by the time of the census in 1300. A peasant named Zhu Yuanzhang overthrew the Yuan in 1368 and founded the Ming dynasty as the Hongwu Emperor. Under the Ming dynasty, China enjoyed another golden age, developing one of the strongest navies in the world and a rich and prosperous economy amid a flourishing
rendition of "When You Wish Upon a Star". However, his close high school friends disputed his claim, recalling earlier original compositions. The three Wilson brothers, Love, and Jardine debuted their first music group together, called "the Pendletones", in the autumn of 1961. At Dennis's suggestion, Brian and Love co-wrote the group's first song, "Surfin'". Murry became their manager. Produced by Hite and Dorinda Morgan on Candix Records, "Surfin'" became a hit in Los Angeles and reached 75 on the national
rent, the contents of their locker(s) may be sold at a public auction. Several television shows focus on such auctions, including Storage Wars and Auction Hunters. Auctions are used to trade commodities; for example, fish wholesale auctions. In wool auctions, wool is traded in the international market. The wine auction business offers serious collectors an opportunity to gain access to rare bottles and mature vintages, which are not typically available through retail channels. In livestock auctions, sheep, cattle, pigs and
repeated decision-making errors." During the course of the war, China harshly criticised India for its involvement in the East Pakistan crises, and accused India of having imperialistic designs in South Asia. Before the war started, Chinese leaders and officials had long been philosophically advising the Pakistan government to make peaceful political settlements with the East Pakistani leaders, as China feared that India was secretly supporting, infiltrating, and arming the Bengali rebels against the East Pakistani government. China was also critical
report, large-scale Iranian oil smuggling into Pakistan occurred through border areas of Balochistan, with nationwide distribution via routes such as Dera Ghazi Khan. The report estimated that about 10 million liters were smuggled monthly, facilitated by weak enforcement, and alleged the involvement of 90 government officials and 29 politicians, as well as petrol pump owners. More than 2.8 billion liters were being smuggled annually, causing economic losses exceeding PKR 60 billion. With about 76 dealers involved, the proceeds from the
reported that "Hispanics and even some whites; men, women, and children mingled with African Americans." When residents who lived near Florence and Normandie were asked why they believed riots had occurred in their neighborhoods, they responded to the perceived racist attitudes they had felt throughout their lifetime and empathized with the bitterness the rioters felt. Residents who had respectable jobs, homes, and material items still felt like second class citizens. A poll by Newsweek asked whether Black people charged with
reported £1 million. Rowling demanded that the principal cast be kept strictly British, but allowed for the casting of Irish actors such as Richard Harris as Dumbledore and of foreign actors as characters of the same nationalities in later books. After extensive casting, filming began in September 2000 at Leavesden Film Studios and in London, with production ending in July 2001. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in London on 14 November 2001. Reviewers' comments were positive, as
reporting officers to retreat from the 71st and Normandie area entirely at approximately 5:50 p.m. They were sent to an RTD bus depot at 54th and Arlington and told to await further instructions. The command post formed at this location was set up at approximately 6 p.m, but had no cell phones or computers other than those in squad cars. It had insufficient numbers of telephone lines and handheld police radios to assess and respond to the situation. Finally, the
representing 1.02% of the EU-28's GNI. In 1960, the budget of the European Community was 0.03 per cent of GDP. Of this, €54bn subsidised agriculture enterprise, €42bn was spent on transport, building and the environment, €16bn on education and research, €13bn on welfare, €20bn on foreign and defence policy, €2bn in finance, €2bn in energy, €1.5bn in communications, and €13bn in administration. In November 2020, two members of the union, Hungary and Poland, blocked approval to the EU's budget at
representing Rawalpindi. He was appointed as the Governor of Punjab by Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in December 1988. His governorship ended when President Ghulam Ishaq Khan dismissed the government of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in August 1990, after which Tikka Khan retired from active politics. Throughout the 1990s, he battled with illness and was hospitalised in CMH Rawalpindi for several years. He refused many television interviews on the subject of the controversial events of 1971 and died on 28 March
reputation and outreach bolstered the critical success of Pet Sounds in the UK. However, Wilson later expressed resentment toward the "genius" label, which he felt heightened unrealistic expectations for his work. Bandmates including Mike Love and Carl Wilson also grew frustrated as media coverage increasingly centered on Wilson, overshadowing the group's collaborative efforts. Through late 1966, Wilson worked extensively on the Beach Boys' single "Good Vibrations", which topped the U.S. charts in December, and began collaborating with session musician Van
requests a rebid in spades; other responses may carry other meanings; designed to make the stronger hand declarer. Jacoby 2NT By agreement, a forcing raise of a major suit opening bid, used in conjunction with limit jump raises. Opener is requested to rebid in a suit where he holds a singleton so that responder can better evaluate the fit. Jam the bidding (Slang) To preempt. Jettison The discard of an honor, often by a defender, and usually to unblock a
required for a determination of inability [...] To be sure, foremost in [the minds of the framers] was a physical or mental impairment. But the text of Section 4 sets forth a flexible standard intentionally designed to apply to a wide variety of unforeseen emergencies. Among potential examples of such unforeseen emergencies, legal scholars have listed kidnapping of the president and "political emergencies" such as impeachment. Traits such as unpopularity, incompetence, impeachable conduct, poor judgment, or laziness might not in
requires a prealert include the following: An agreement to lead the small card from "xx" on opening lead An agreement (canapé) to bid the shorter of two suits before the longer suit with a two-suited hand An agreement to use any bidding convention that entitles the opponents to consult a written defense during the auction Precision, or Precision Club A bidding system that combines the features of Kaplan–Sheinwold with a strong, artificial 1♣ opening bid. Preempt, preemptive bid, or preemptive
reserve fuel and many commercial ships, thus crippling the Pakistan Navy's further involvement in the conflict. Seeking to retaliate, the Pakistan Navy submarines hunted for the major Indian warships. On 9 December 1971, Hangor sank INS Khukri, inflicting 194 Indian casualties, and this attack was the first submarine kill since World War II. The sinking of INS Khukri was followed by another Indian attack on the port of Karachi on the night of 8/9 December 1971 under the codename Python.
reserve price it determines. A sequential auction is an auction where the bidders can participate in a sequence of auctions. A Calcutta auction is a subtype of sequential auction, where the ordering in the sequence is determined by random. A simultaneous ascending auction is an opposite of a sequential auction, where the auctions are run in parallel. The silent auction is a variant of the English auction in which bids are written on a sheet of paper. At the predetermined
resolution on the ceasefire. The council continued deliberations for four days. By the time proposals were finalized, Pakistan's forces in the East had surrendered and the war had ended, making the measures merely academic. Bhutto, frustrated by the failure of the resolution and the inaction of the United Nations, ripped up his speech and left the council. Most UN member nations were quick to recognize Bangladesh within months of its independence. As the Bangladesh Liberation War approached the defeat of
resolving the One Unit question, and satisfying the frustrations and the sense of exploitation stirring in the "East Wing" (East Pakistan) by government policies since 1948. The American political scientist Lawrence Ziring observed: Yahya Khan has been widely portrayed as a ruthless uncompromising insensitive and grossly inept leader.... While Yahya cannot escape responsibility for these tragic events, it is also on the record that he did not act alone.... All the major actors of the period were creatures of a
respect for the rule of law". The Blood telegram Zaheer, Hasan: The separation of East Pakistan : The rise and realisation of Bengali Muslim nationalism, Oxford University Press, 1994. Sisson, Richard & Rose, Leo: War and secession : Pakistan, India, and the creation of Bangladesh, University of California Press (Berkeley), 1990. Matinuddin, General Kamal: Tragedy of Errors : East Pakistan Crisis, 1968–1971, Wajidalis, Lahore, Pakistan, 1994. Salik, Siddiq: Witness to surrender, Oxford University Press, Karachi, Pakistan, 1977. Official profile at
respond to international crises without prejudice to actions by NATO". To that end, a number of efforts were made to increase the EU's military capability, notably the Helsinki Headline Goal process. After much discussion, the most concrete result was the EU Battlegroups initiative, each of which is planned to be able to deploy quickly about 1500 personnel. The EU Strategic Compass adopted in 2022 reaffirmed the bloc's partnership with NATO, committed to increased military mobility and formation of a 5,000-strong
responded with heavy firing towards the attacking Indian forces. This also caused an interruption in the heliborne operations and limited the access to the Indian forces. These attacks were followed by IAF Hunter air strikes on 11 December. The Pakistani forces under Brig S. A. Hassan raised the white flag on 15 December. On 9 December, the Indian forces under the 57 Mountain division were tasked with crossing the Meghna river through the Coronation bridge between the town of Ashuganj
responding to preempts, usually weak two bids. All bids except the single raise are forcing. Rosenblum Cup The award for winning the world knockout team championship that is held in even numbered years other than leap years. (The Bermuda Bowl is contested in odd numbered years and the World Team Olympiad in leap years.) Rotation The progression of the bidding and play in a clockwise direction around the table. Roth–Stone A bidding system popular in the U.S. during the 1960s.
response to a transfer, such as a jump completion (e.g., 1NT – 2♥; 3♠). Many partnerships use a conventional superacceptance such as 1NT – 2♦; 2♠, one step above responder's major, to save room for game or slam exploration, and in conformance with the Useful Space Principle. Support A fit with partner's suit. Support double A double of an overcall that shows a fit for partner's suit, usually distinguished from a direct raise by the length of the suit in
result of the 2023 writers and actors strikes. It was delayed again to May 30, 2025, to avoid conflict with the sixth and final season of Cobra Kai. List of black films of the 2010s Official website The Karate Kid at IMDb The Karate Kid at Metacritic The Karate Kid at Box Office Mojo The Karate Kid at Rotten Tomatoes
results and were unable to come to an agreement regarding any transfer of power from West Pakistan's representatives to East Pakistan's, on the basis of the six-point programme. West Pakistan politicians generally felt that the proposed six-point programme was a step towards East Pakistan's full secession. While the political deadlock continued between the Awami League, the PPP, and the military government after the general elections in 1970, Yahya Khan began coordinating with his military strategists concerning ongoing dissent in East
retailers Target and Amazon.com. The series has been credited for popularizing karate in the United States. The American experimental rock band Sweep the Leg Johnny derives their name from a line from the film. The 2007 music video for the song "Sweep the Leg" by No More Kings stars William Zabka (who also directed the video) as a caricature of himself and features references to The Karate Kid, including cameo appearances by Zabka's former Karate Kid co-stars. Macchio and Zabka
retreating". Wilson's family were eventually forced to take control of his financial affairs due to his irresponsible drug expenditures. This led Wilson to occasionally wander the city, begging for rides, drugs, and alcohol. According to Wilson, from 1974 to 1975, his output was confined to minimal, fragmentary recordings, due to a diminished capacity for sustained concentration. He elaborated that he had been preoccupied with snorting cocaine, reading magazines such as Playboy and Penthouse, and "hanging out with Danny Hutton", whose
revolving around aggression, expansionism and extremism. It was only when underlying Sino-Soviet tensions escalated in to the Sino-Soviet border conflict in 1969, and subsequent nuclear threats from Moscow, did China look to the U.S. With a common enemy, the Soviet Union, China and the U.S. adjusted their policy toward each other and engaged in rapprochement in 1970. Under Nixon, Henry Kissinger normalised U.S. and Chinese relations by connecting with high ranking Chinese officials; opening the US up to China. Kissinger
ribs < Gmc) requinquer "to spruce up" ressac "surf" ressaisir "to re-seize" retaper "to comb the wrong way" retirer "to remove, withdraw" retiré retirement retomber "to fall again" retombée retoucher "to retouch" retouche rêvasser "to dream, muse" rêvasseur rêvasserie rêve "dream" ( < rêver "to dream" < OFr resver "to consider, reflect, be delirious" < Frk *rēswan, rāswjan "to counsel, reason, suggest" < Gmc, cf OE rǣswan "to think, suppose, consider, suspect, conjecture, reflect") rêver revêche "harsh, sharp" ( <
right to bear them is vested in the reigning sovereign and, by extension, their government as a royal prerogative. Members of the royal family are granted differenced arms. Crown copyright applies in perpetuity to depictions of the royal arms and its constituent parts under the royal prerogative, and The National Archives restricts rights to reproduce them. Although Crown copyright usually expires 50 years after publication, Section 171(b) of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 made an exception for 'any
rights beginning with Operation Searchlight on 25 March 1971. Members of the Pakistani military and supporting paramilitary forces killed an estimated 300,000 to 3,000,000 people and raped between 200,000 and 400,000 Bangladeshi women in a systematic campaign of genocidal rape. Pakistan's religious leaders openly supported the crime by labeling Bengali freedom fighters "Hindus" and Bengali women "the booty of war". In fact, more than 80 percent of the Bengali people were Muslims at that time. A large section of the
riot. The cause of that riot was the Black-white conflict that existed in this country from the establishment of this country." In an NBC News article, Hanna Kang sees the conflict between Korean and Black Americans as overstated and only part of the story was told in the news. Kang interviewed more than twenty people from both races in many different fields, and all of them had the same view of the media during the riots: they all believe the
riots as a reoccurring topic during their third season. Other shows that incorporated the riots into their stories included Beverly Hills, 90210, Doogie Howser, M.D., and The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. Non-scripted shows such as The Real World and The Arsenio Hall Show also referenced the riots, the latter of which featured extensive coverage and an appearance from Mayor Tom Bradley to plea for calm. The riots would continue to be used as a plot element in later television shows
riots, and the deadliest modern unrest since the 1980 Miami riots at the time, only 12 years earlier. These federal military forces took 24 hours to deploy to Huntington Park, about the same time it took for the National Guard. This brought total troop strength to 13,500, making LA the largest military occupation of any US city since the 1968 Washington, D.C. riots. Federal troops joined National Guard soldiers to support local police in restoring order directly; the combined force
riots. Many who lived in the area were new immigrants, not yet able to speak English. Almost as soon as the disturbances broke out in South Central, local television news cameras were on the scene to record the events as they happened. Television coverage of the riots was near-continuous, starting with the beating of motorists at the intersection of Florence and Normandie which was broadcast live by television news pilot and reporter Zoey Tur and her camera operator Marika Gerrard.
riper "to scrape, drag" ripe ris "sweetbread" ( < rides (de veau) < ride < Gmc) rissoler "to roast brown" rissole river "to clench, rivet" rivet rivure rivoir rix-dale "rix-dollar" ( < Germ reichsthaler < Gmc) rob "a rubber" (of whist) ( < Eng rubber < Gmc) robe "dress" robin robinet "cock, tap" robinier "robinia" rochet "ratchet" rochet "garment worn under a mantle" rogue "proud" ( < ON hrōkr < Gmc) roquet "a pug (dog)" roquette "rocket" ( < It
rival streaming services take notice. By October 30, 2018, ahead of the second-season premiere, YouTube was promoting the report that the first episode had then been viewed over 50 million times. The first episode was No. 8 on YouTube's list of ten top-trending videos of 2018. According to market research company Parrot Analytics, the first season of Cobra Kai was the world's most in-demand streaming television show during May 2018. Parrot Analytics later reported that the second season of Cobra
roadtrips, if they could stop and admire the scenery by saying "it's beautiful" as they frequently did on Top Gear. Many outlets falsely reported that the BBC had explicitly told the crew they could not have celebrities come on the show and race around a track. This was later confirmed to be false, with the crew admitting that the real reason for the nature of the segment was a last-minute panic. "Celebrity Brain Crash" was replaced in series two by
rocked back and forth backstage—out of relief that he had finally conquered his fear of Smile—exclaiming "Darian! Darian! We did it! We did it!" The concerts were repeated at the same venue for six shows until February 27, with each playing recorded by engineer Mark Linett for posterity on film and a 48-track Genex hard disk recorder. All dates were sold-out. Attendees included Paul McCartney, George Martin, Richard Wright, Jeff Beck, Elvis Costello, Jason Pierce of Spiritualized, Gruff Rhys of
roles in certain endplays, most typically squeezes. Maxims A maxim of bridge is a brief expression of a general principle of the game. Most Bridge maxims have some validity but none are true in all circumstances. Maximal overcall double By prior agreement, a game-invitational double of an overcall that leaves no room for a bid, when a bid would invite game. For example, after 1♠ – (2♥) – 2♠ – (3♥) there is no room below 3♠ for a game
rough" for Rice. During Rice's sophomore year, the school's assistant principal caught him skipping class with a friend, causing him to panic and sprint away. After Rice fled, the principal was impressed with his speed, and informed the school's football coach, Charles Davis, who offered Rice a place on the team. Initially unhappy about this, Rice's mother relented after realizing that "the more I fought it, the more determined he was, so I gave it up." Rice played multiple positions
round. Skip An irregular feature of a Mitchell movement: typically a move by the East–West pairs of 2 tables up instead of the usual 1, to avoid them playing the same boards twice. Skip bid warning, or skip-bid warning A warning to LHO that one is about to make a jump bid that could cause a revealing hesitation or huddle; used only when bidding screens are not in place. The warning is made in one of two ways: 1) When
rouvieux "mangy" ruban "ribbon" rubanerie rubanier rustine "rubber repair patch" ( < Germ Rück "back" + Stein "stone" ) sabord "port-hole" sabot "wooden shoe" saboter sabotier sabotière sabre "sabre" sabrer sabreur sabretache "sabretache" sac "plunder, sack" saquer saccade "shake, jerk" saccager "to pillage" saccage saccagement safre "greedy, gluttonous" ( < Gmc, cf OHG seifar "mouth-watering, salivating", Goth safjan "to savour, enjoy") saisie "legal execution" saisir "to seize" ( OFr < Lat sacire < Frk *sakjan "to claim" and *satjan "to
rubber bonus is 700 points; colloquially known as a 'fast rubber' if the opponents have won one game, i.e. they are vulnerable, the rubber bonus is 500 points; colloquially known as a 'slow rubber' for unfinished rubbers: if but one side has won a game, it scores 300 points, and if but one side has a part-score, it scores 100 points. In rubber bridge only, a bonus is awarded for any one hand holding four or five of the honors,
rubber bridge. "A leg up" means being vulnerable vs. non-vulnerable opponents. "Cut off their leg" means becoming vulnerable vs. opponents who are already vulnerable. Length The number of cards held in a suit. Let through (Slang) To allow a contract to make by misdefense. Level 1) The number of tricks that (when added to the book of six tricks) a bid or contract states will be taken. For example, a bid at the four level contracts to take (6 +
rubber. Rubber Bonus: At the conclusion of the rubber, a rubber bonus is awarded. In this case, East-West have won a slow rubber and receive a 500-point rubber bonus above the line. Total: The scores for each side are totalled and East-West (the 'They' on the score sheet) win the rubber. Scoring in duplicate bridge is done in two stages: Each deal is scored as in rubber bridge but with some variations in methodology. The result of each deal by
ruling made by a director. Approach–forcing A principle, first used in the Culbertson system, that has survived in modern bidding. The original idea was to abandon the indiscriminate notrump bids that characterized auction bridge in favor of a slower exchange of information via suit bidding. Arrow A marker, usually a large card with an arrow on it, that shows which direction is treated as North at a table in a duplicate event. Arrow switch The action of changing the North
rushing) Most career all purpose yards: 23,546 (22,895 receiving, 645 rushing, 6 kick returns) Most career all purpose touchdowns: 208 (197 receiving, 10 rushing, 1 fumble recovery) Most career postseason receiving yards: 2,245 Most career postseason touchdown receptions: 22 Most career Super Bowl receiving yards: 589 Most career Super Bowl receptions: 33 Most career Super Bowl touchdown receptions: 8 Most career Super Bowl points scored: 48 Most receiving yards in one Super Bowl: 215 Most receiving touchdowns in one Super
ruthless. In March 1971, Tikka Khan was sent to Dacca and left the post to Lieutenant General Bahadur Sher in March 1971. The situation was very complex in both West and East Pakistan after the general elections held in 1970 where the Bengali nationalist Awami League won 167 of the 169 seats in East Pakistan, whereas the leftist-socialist Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) won 81 seats out of 138 in West Pakistan. By constitutional law, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman of the Awami
rôti rôtie rôtisserie rôtisseur rôtissoire rôtisseur "cookshop master" rouan "roan horse" ( < MFr roan < Sp roano < OSp raudano < Goth raudan, obj case of rauda "red one" < rauðs "red", cf OE rēad "red") rouf "cuddy" rouf "deckhouse" ( < Dut roef, cf Eng "roof" ) rouffe "scabies" rouir "to ret" rouissage rouissoir roussin "a hack, stallion" rouvieux "mangy" ruban "ribbon" rubanerie rubanier rustine "rubber repair patch" ( < Germ Rück "back" + Stein "stone" ) sabord
safe defensive exit cards, and must hope that the remaining cards are so distributed that the defense cannot get off lead safely. Partner The other member of the partnership. Partnership 1) See pair. 2) Two partners who play together for an extended period. 3) The complete set of agreements entered into by a pair. Partnership bidding Sequences in which the opponents do not compete. Partnership desk A service, provided by some tournaments, that locates a partner for a player who
said that Wilson's first dosage was 125 micrograms of "pure Owsley" and resulted in "full-on ego death". Wilson, in 1990, attributed LSD to his developing "a Jesus Christ complex" in the mid-1960s. Mike Love saw signs of irregular behavior in Wilson by July 1965, recalling an incident where Wilson deliberately crashed his car. His drug use was initially concealed from his bandmates and family, including Love, who had thought Wilson to be strictly opposed to drugs. Following the advice of
said that she regretted this change and would have fought it if she had been in a stronger position at the time. Philip Nel has pointed out that the change lost the connection with alchemy and some other changes lost the meaning of other terms changed in translation, for example from "crumpet" to "muffin". While Rowling accepted the change from both the British English "mum" and Seamus Finnigan's Irish variant "mam" to the American variant "mom" in Harry Potter and
sale, due to the speedy nature of the entire process. In China, land auctions are under the sole control of local government officials. Because some developers may use bribes to please government officials to obtain the right to purchase the land, the central government requires that future land auctions be conducted using a spectrum auction in order to prevent the spread of corruption. Although this method cannot completely solve the problem of corruption, it is still a significant contribution to
salir "to dirty" salissant salissure salle "hall" salon sarrau "frock, smock" ( < MHG sarroc "military garment" < Gmc) saule "willow" saur "dried" saurer sauret savon "soap" ( < Lat saponem < Gmc saipō, saipōn-, cf OHG seifa "soap", OE sāpe "soap") savonner savonnette savonner "to soap" savonnage savonnerie savonnier savonneux schelling "shilling" ( < Eng < Gmc) schlague "military flogging" ( < Germ schlag < Gmc) scion scruter scrutateur scrutation scrutatrice scrutement scruteur scrutin scrutin scrutiner sénau (Naut.) "a
same hand. For example, the ♠AQ before spades have been played. Tenaces define the structure of finesses. See minor tenace. Make (Verb) To take at least as many tricks as a contract calls for. Frequently used in the past tense of the verb, i.e. Made. Mama–Papa (Adjective) An unsophisticated game, approach to bidding, or line of play. Marionette Bid (Noun) A type of relay bid in which the cheapest response is expected nearly all the time, thus similar but not
same version that debuted earlier that fall in Chicago at the start of the national tour. Tom Felton reprised his film role as Draco Malfoy in the Broadway production for several months starting in November 2025. Felton is scheduled to remain in the show until 10 May 2026. Since his arrival, the show's grosses have more than doubled, rising from $1.3 million the week before he joined to $2.6 million over his first seven performances. As of 2025, the play,
saves in Games 3 and 4 as the Giants defeated the Braves in four games. In the NL Championship Series, the Giants faced the Philadelphia Phillies. In Game 4, Wilson threw a scoreless inning and earned the win in the 6–5 victory. In Game 6, Wilson entered with one out in the eighth inning, runners on first and second, and the Giants leading 3–2. He got Carlos Ruiz to line into a double play. He then pitched the ninth inning,
saw military action in the Burma campaign against Japan in 1945 where he was wounded and hospitalised for some time. In 1946, he was posted in different parts of India such as Deolali, Mathura, and Kalyan. During the same time, he served as an instructor at the Indian Military Academy at Dehradun. After the efforts of Muslim League culminated in the partition of British India and the creation of Pakistan, Tikka Khan joined the Pakistan Army as a major in
saying "Alert", displaying an Alert card from a bidding box, or knocking on the table. Regardless whether a call is alerted, either opponent may ask its meaning, either at his/her turn or after the end of the auction. The player who made the call may contribute to its explanation only after the auction and only if he/she is declarer or dummy. Slightly different rules apply when screens are in use. Announcement A method of promptly informing the opponents that partner's
scale or similar "gapped" (fewer than seven-note) scales. The harmonic and contrapuntal style of Sacred Harp singing is often referred to as "dispersed harmony". In their musical form, Sacred Harp songs fall into three basic types. Many are ordinary hymn tunes, mostly composed in four-bar phrases and sung in multiple verses. Fuguing tunes contain at least one prominent passage, usually after a homophonic opening couplet, in which each of the four choral parts enters in succession, in a way resembling
scale which may be produced by using two harps, one tuned a fourth above the other. The player on the Jew's harp, in order to isolate the harmonics, frames their mouth as though intending to pronounce the various vowels." See Bugle scale. The oldest Jew's harps were discovered in Shaanxi, China, dating back about 4,000 years ago. They were from the Neolithic site of Shimao, an important political and religious center during the Longshan culture. The earliest depiction of somebody
scale. For example, the C major scale would be notated and sung as follows: The shape for fa is a triangle, sol an oval, la a rectangle, and mi a diamond. In Sacred Harp singing, pitch is not absolute. The shapes and notes designate degrees of the scale, not particular pitches. Thus for a song in the key of C, fa designates C and F; for a song in G, fa designates G and C, and so on; hence it
scapegoating. The conservatives emphasized law and order and generally favored the economic and social policies of the Republican Party. The conservatives tended to emphasize the differences between Koreans and other minorities, specifically African Americans. According to a 1993 report by the Latinos Futures Research Group for the Latino Coalition for a New Los Angeles, one-third of those who were killed and one half of those who were arrested in the riots were Latino; between 20 and 40 percent of the
scar literature, young adult fiction and the xungen literature, which is influenced by magic realism, emerged following the Cultural Revolution. Mo Yan, a xungen literature author, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2012. Chinese music covers a highly diverse range of music from traditional music to modern music. Chinese music dates back before the pre-imperial times. Traditional Chinese musical instruments were traditionally grouped into eight categories known as bayin (八音). Traditional Chinese opera is a form of musical
scarred by the Smile sessions and associated the album with personal failure. Sahanaja recalled, "When I first met Brian, you couldn't even mention the words 'Heroes and Villains'; he'd turn around and walk away or he'd say, 'I don't want to talk about it.'" In 2000, while at a private Christmas gathering at Bennett's house, a request from the wife of biographer and filmmaker David Leaf prompted Wilson to play the song on piano, to the astonishment of everybody present.
scene on the ground with his camcorder, the Los Angeles News Service team of Marika Gerrard and Zoey Tur arrived in a news helicopter, broadcasting from the air. The LANS feed appeared live on numerous Los Angeles television venues. At approximately 6:15 p.m., as reports of vandalism, looting, and physical attacks continued to come in, Moulin elected to "take the information" but not to respond or send personnel to restore order or rescue people in the area. Moulin was relieved
scene that was in the rehearsal when Daniel encounters Johnny during school at lunch. Also at the end, there was a battle between Miyagi and Kreese in the parking lot after the tournament which was the original ending for the film and used as the beginning of The Karate Kid Part II. On May 7, 2019, The Karate Kid: The Classic Illustrated Storybook was published by Quirk Books under their Pop Classics series. It retold the events of the first
scheduled for November 2001. The PlayStation version was developed by Argonaut Games as an action-platform game which integrated a 3D environment into its gameplay, using the game engine they had previously developed for the Croc games. The game was produced by Jamie Walker, designed by Stephen Jarrett, and programmed by Ben Wyatt, with Wayne Billingham and Gary Bendelow serving as lead artist and lead animator, respectively. Guy Miller and Simon Phipps wrote and edited the script and dialogue, while Jeremy
schizoaffective disorder and mild bipolar disorder. From 1965 on, he regularly experienced auditory hallucinations in the form of disembodied voices. Wilson referred to the voices as "heroes and villains" that contributed to "a life of scare". His family and associates had faced challenges in discerning genuine mental health problems from potential manipulative behavior on Wilson's part. Subsequent to his Houston flight incident from December 1964, Marilyn arranged his first psychiatrist visit, where it was ruled that Wilson's condition was due
scholarship available to any college junior or senior. Later that year, on July 7, Wilson gave away 1,000 baseball gloves to members of the Giants Community Fund's Junior Giants baseball program. Frequently, Wilson has made references to "The Machine", a character from the movie 8mm. In an episode of Cheap Seats, he had someone dressed as "The Machine" walk past in the background in full BDSM leather fetish apparel, supposedly unknown to him (but almost certainly teammate Pat Burrell). Another
school tuition. She initially listed the auction on eBay, posting: "Eighteen-year-old university student looking to sell virginity. Never lost it due to lesbianism. Will bung in free massage if you are any good. Picture on request." The NOTW article also stated that eBay had removed the auction after three days, and a separate website was being set up to continue the auction. That website described Rosie as an "18-year old lesbian (muff diver) virgin", and told bidders "You are bidding
school's infirmary. Dumbledore explains that Harry survived because he is protected by a magical charm that was created when his mother died trying to protect him. Quirrell's hatred and greed caused him to burn upon contact with Harry, and Voldemort abandoned him to die. Dumbledore also reveals that the Stone has been destroyed. During the school's end-of-year feast, Gryffindor is awarded the House Cup. Harry then returns to the home of the Dursleys for the summer. Harry Potter is an
score a 100 contract points. Two games won earns the rubber bonus. The objective is to win by scoring the most total points in the rubber. Usually the partnership to win the two games and the rubber bonus wins the rubber. However, occasionally the other pair accumulate enough penalty points to win. Rubber scoring is tallied on a score sheet divided into four parts where each partnership accumulates points either above the line or below the line. Only contract points
scored by a pair on a board, session, or event, as a percentage of the maximum number available. Percentage play A play that is chosen because the mathematics of suit distribution suggests that it is more likely to succeed than an alternative line. Usually said of play in a single suit rather than the hand as a whole. Personal score A record of the board number, opposing pair number, contract, declarer, tricks taken, and raw score kept by each player
scored comparatively, meaning that the score for the hand is compared to other tables playing the same cards and match points are scored according to the comparative results: usually either "matchpoint scoring", where each partnership receives 2 points (or 1 point) for each pair that they beat, and 1 point (or 1⁄2 point) for each tie; or IMPs (international matchpoint) scoring, where the number of IMPs varies (but less than proportionately) with the points difference between the teams. Undertricks are
scoring for honours, players often agree to play without the honour bonuses.) In four-deal bridge (Chicago) only: A partial-game bonus is received at the end of the last deal for any partial game contract bid and made in the last deal A game bonus is received at the end of each deal for any game-finishing contract bid and made An honor bonus is received by any player at the end of any deal in which the player held particular honor
scoring is by matchpoints. On each board, a partnership scores two matchpoints for each other partnership that scored fewer points with the same cards, and one point for each other partnership that scored the same number of points. Thus, every board is weighted equally, with the best result earning 100 percent of the matchpoints available, and the worst earning no matchpoints; the opponents receive the complement score, e.g. an 80% score for a N–S pair implies a 20% score for
scoring, where the number of IMPs varies (but less than proportionately) with the points difference between the teams. Undertricks are scored in both variations as follows: The rules of the game are referred to as the laws as promulgated by various bridge organizations. The official rules of duplicate bridge are promulgated by the WBF as "The Laws of Duplicate Bridge 2017". The Laws Committee of the WBF, composed of world experts, updates the Laws every 10 years; it also issues
script's characterisation. Some also took issue with the style and plot of the script, complaining that the Time-Turner storylines had already been used, as had Cedric Diggory's death, and that the writers were rehashing old storylines and over-played tropes of the fantasy/sci-fi genre. There is some debate within the fandom about whether the story should be considered canon or contradicts how concepts such as time travel worked in the books. Rowling stated in 2015 it should be considered canon. The
scrutiny, in part due to the earliest known attestation of the Xia being written millennia after the date given for their collapse. In 1958, archaeologists discovered sites belonging to the Erlitou culture that existed during the early Bronze Age; they have since been characterized as the remains of the historical Xia, but this conception is often rejected. The Shang dynasty that traditionally succeeded the Xia is the earliest for which there are both contemporary written records and undisputed archaeological evidence.
sealed bid auction, in which bidders submit sealed package bids. The auctioneer uses the final bids to compute the best value allocation and the Vickrey payments. Generalized first-price auctions and Generalized second-price auctions offer slots for multiple bidders instead of making a single deal. The bidders get the slots according to the ranking of their bids. The second-price ruling is derived from the Vickrey auction and means the final deal sealing for the number one bidder is based on the
seamless to me. They created their own universe. A number of short, orchestral segues between songs were newly written for the project by Wilson, Parks, Sahanaja, and Paul Mertens; they also wrote a string arrangement for the second part of "Surf's Up", an idea Wilson stated was originally intended for the piece. According to Mertens, some orchestral parts were transcribed from existing recordings, while others were newly added; he recalled instances where he proposed ideas not present on the original
seaports, about 130 of which are open to foreign shipping. Of the fifty busiest container ports, 18 are located in China, of which the busiest is the Port of Shanghai, also the busiest port in the world. The country's inland waterways are the world's sixth-longest, and total 27,700 km (17,212 mi). Water supply and sanitation infrastructure in China is facing challenges such as rapid urbanization, as well as water scarcity, contamination, and pollution. According to the Joint Monitoring Program for
season began in October 2017 in Atlanta, Georgia. Filming took place at various locations throughout that month at places including Union City, Georgia, Marietta, Georgia, and the Briarcliff Campus of Emory University. In November, shooting moved to locales such as the North Atlanta Soccer Association Tophat fields in East Cobb. In December, the production was working out of Marietta and Conyers. Various exterior shots were also filmed in parts of Los Angeles, California, such as Tarzana and Encino. Exterior locations
season in Week 3 against the Cowboys. In Week 9 versus the Cincinnati Bengals, Moore threw a two-yard touchdown pass to quarterback Caleb Williams on a trick play where he received a lateral from Rome Odunze before passing to Williams. It was his third career pass and first completion after unsuccessful attempts in 2020 and 2024. He also scored on a 16-yard run in which he was pushed out of bounds and seemingly fumbled the ball through the end zone;
season, but in reality had died in 1956. In the first episode, a picture of the Queen is hung in the offices of the Suez Canal company and English seems to be the working language, while the company was run under French law and much of the staff was French. The show also depicts the Queen as giving a speech at a Jaguar factory, when in reality there is no evidence that she gave a speech there. Similarly, while it
season. Rice is the career leader in most major statistical categories for wide receivers, including receptions, receiving touchdowns, receiving yards, scrimmage yards, and total touchdowns, holding the postseason records for these statistics, and once held the single-season records for yards and touchdowns. He scored more points than any other non-kicker in NFL history with 1,256. Rice was selected to the Pro Bowl 13 times (1986–1996, 1998, 2002) and named All-Pro twelve times in his 20 NFL seasons, including ten First-team
seasons soundtracks. In 2022, Ralph Macchio published the memoir Waxing On: The Karate Kid and Me (Dutton), in which he reflects upon the making of and legacy of the Karate Kid films and Cobra Kai. Also in 2022, the behind-the-scenes book The Kick-A** Book of Cobra Kai was written by Rachel Bertsche and published by HarperCollins. A four-issue comic book miniseries entitled Cobra Kai: The Karate Kid Saga Continues - Johnny's Story was published by IDW Publishing and released between
seasons, parts were filmed in Atlanta, Marietta, Georgia, and Los Angeles. The Mexico scenes were filmed in Puerto Rico on a two-day filming block, just like the two-day filming block of Okinawa, Japan, and the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building for the third season. The series was promoted at the annual Television Critics Association's winter press tour held in January 2018, when YouTube's global head of original content Susanne Daniels described the show: "It is a half an hour format but
seating assignment in a bridge competition. Entries designate the participants' initial table number, direction at that table, and (if applicable) section. Entry-shifting squeeze A squeeze in which the declarer decides whether to overtake the squeeze card or to let it hold the trick, depending on the play of the intervening opponent. Entry squeeze A squeeze that puts pressure on a holding that interferes with declarer's entries. Equal level conversion (ELC) An agreement concerning rebids after take-out doubles. Traditionally, the bid
second commercial revolution by the end of the 18th century. On the other hand, the centralized autocracy was strengthened in part to suppress anti-Qing sentiment with the policy of valuing agriculture and restraining commerce, like the Haijin during the early Qing period and ideological control as represented by the literary inquisition, causing some social and technological stagnation. In the mid-19th century, the Opium Wars with Britain and France forced China to pay compensation, open treaty ports, allow extraterritoriality for foreign
second commission was known as Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 Prisoners of War Investigation, conducted solely by the Pakistani government, that was to determine the numbers of Pakistani military personnel who surrendered, including the number of civilian POWs. The official number of the surrendered military personnel was soon released by the Government of Pakistan after the war was over. On 2 July 1972, the Indo-Pakistani summit was held in Simla, Himachal Pradesh, India where the Simla Agreement was reached and signed
second episode, "Hard Times at the Huskin' Bee". Laurie Anderson's 2024 multimedia show United States V included a performance of "David's Lamentation" (Sacred Harp 268) by a rotating group of UK Sacred Harp singers. The music used in Sacred Harp singing is eclectic. Most of the songs can be assigned to one of four historical layers. There are a few additional songs in The Sacred Harp, 2025 Edition that cannot be assigned to any of these four main layers. There
second oldest of four children and the son of Jerry Rice and older brother of Brenden Rice. He is also the second cousin of Jordan Matthews, who also became an NFL receiver. UNLV Rebels football bio UCLA Bruins football bio
second-largest market of Basmati rice of Pakistan, ranking after Iraq. In 2023, Iran and Pakistan opened their first border market. There will be another dozen border markets built. Both Iran and Pakistan maintain strategic partnerships with China, a 25-year strategic deal between China and Iran is considered beneficial to Pakistan and Chinese government welcomes Iran's active participation in the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor. Lufthansa is served from Tehran Airport and a number of Pakistanis travel over to take it for business
second-price ruling as in a Vickrey auction, the final price for the winner is based on the second bidder's price. A Proxy bid is a special case of second-price ruling used by eBay, where a predefined increment is added to the second highest bid in response to a yet higher bid. Auctions with more than one winner are called multi-winner auctions. Multiunit auction, Combinatorial auction, Generalized first-price auction and Generalized second-price auction are multi-winner auctions. Auctions can be cascaded, one
secrecy and the colonial authorities wanted to dispose of the corpses without attracting much attention, operations Saadat Ali Khan carried out "efficiently and faithfully." Yahya's father was originally from Peshawar. Their family house, built in 1890, is located in the Muhallah Shaikh Ul Islam street of Ganj area in Peshawar's Walled City, once serving as the main administrative area. Yahya studied in the prestigious Colonel Brown Cambridge School in Dehradun and later enrolled at the University of the Punjab in
secrets of self-defense. Principal photography of the film took place in Beijing, China, beginning in July 2009 and ending on October. The Karate Kid premiered at the Mann Village Theater in Westwood, California on June 7, 2010, and was released in the United States on June 11, by Sony Pictures Releasing through its Columbia Pictures label, and on June 22 in China and August 5 in Hong Kong, by EDKO. The film received generally positive reviews from critics and earned
sectarian tensions in the 1980s, as Pakistani Shi'a Muslims claimed that they were being discriminated against under the Sunni-biased Islamization program being imposed throughout Pakistan by the military dictatorship government of then-President, General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq. Following the 1979 Islamic Revolution, Iran and Saudi Arabia (considered the "leading state authority" of Shi'a and Sunni Muslims, respectively) gradually began to use Pakistan as a battleground for their proxy sectarian conflict, and Pakistan's support for the Deobandi Taliban movement in Afghanistan during the
sector. Its finance sector is dominated by state-owned institutions. China has been a member of the World Trade Organization since 2001 and is the world's largest trading power. By 2016, China was the largest trading partner of 124 countries. China became the world's largest trading nation in 2013 by the sum of imports and exports, as well as the world's largest commodity importer, accounting for roughly 45% of maritime's dry-bulk market. China's foreign exchange reserves reached US$3.246 trillion as of
sectors being agricultural, machinery, equipment, and residential real estate auctions. The auctions with the largest revenue for the government are often spectrum auctions (typical revenue is estimated in billions of euros) and quota auctions. In 2019, Russia's crab quota was auctioned for €2 billion. Between 1999 and 2002, the British government auctioned off their gold reserves, raising approximately $3.5 billion. The most expensive item to ever be sold in an auction is Leonardo da Vinci's Salvator Mundi in 2017 ($450.3
sectors in July, each with a commander chosen from defected officers of the Pakistani army who joined the Mukti Bahini to lead guerrilla operations. The Mukti Bahini forces were given two to five weeks of training by the Indian army on guerrilla warfare. Most of their training camps were near the border area and operated with assistance from India. The 10th Sector was placed under Osmani's command and included the Naval Commandos and C-in-C's special force. Three brigades (eventually 8
security cooperation. The navies of Pakistan and Iran regularly hold joint exercises in the Arabian Sea. Iran and Pakistan have agreed to strengthen defense ties and jointly produce military hardware. The Iranian air force has ordered approximately 25 MFI-17 Mushshaks from Pakistan. On 16 June 2025, during the Israel–Iran war, Iranian commander and national security council member Mohsen Rezaee claimed on state television that Pakistan has assured Iran it would launch a nuclear strike on Israel if Israel were to
seek refuge in India. During the war, members of the Pakistani military and supporting pro-Pakistani Islamist militias called the Razakars raped between 200,000 and 400,000 Bangladeshi women and girls in a systematic campaign of genocidal rape. The Indo-Pakistani conflict was sparked by the Bangladesh Liberation War, which was a result of the violation of the rights of East Pakistan by the Pakistan Army. The political tensions in East Pakistan had its origin in the creation of Pakistan as a result
seen there. Pirates established a base on St. Mary's Island, Madagascar and some of them took Malagasy wives. Whether the dogs were brought along to control rats on the ships, as companions for long voyages, or were confiscated from other ships as booty, no one knows. Tuléar is a port now also known as Toliara. The Coton is of the Bichon dog type, linked most closely to the Bichon Tenerife and the Tenerife Terrier. There have been many stories circulating
seller. The winner selection in most auctions selects the best bid. Unique bid auctions offer a special winner selection: the winner is the bidder with the lowest unique bid. The Chinese auction selects a winner partially based on randomness. The final price for the selected winner is not always conducted according to their final bid. In the case of the second-price ruling as in a Vickrey auction, the final price for the winner is based on the second bidder's price.
selling her virginity, as a part of a planned documentary called Virgins Wanted by Australian director Justin Sisely. A male, Alex Stepanov, was also selling his virginity at a much lower price. Sisely had been in the news since 2010 about his attempts to make the documentary. Migliorini's buyer was reportedly a man from Japan at a price of $780,000. To avoid legal issues (as both Australian and Brazilian authorities had raised issues, according to Sisely), Sisely suggested the event
senators, the system relied on their ability to agree. Some states could not, and thus delayed sending senators to Congress; in a few cases, the system broke down to the point where states completely lacked representation in the Senate. Deadlocks started to become an issue in the 1850s, with a deadlocked Indiana legislature allowing a Senate seat to sit vacant for two years. The tipping point came in 1865 with the election of John P. Stockton (D-NJ), which happened after
sentenced to fifteen years in prison. April 18 – The Red River of the North breaks through dikes and floods Grand Forks, North Dakota, and East Grand Forks, Minnesota, causing US$2 billion in damage. April 21 – A Pegasus rocket carries the remains of 24 people into earth orbit, in the first space burial by Celestis company. April 22 Haouch Khemisti massacre: 93 villagers are killed in Algeria. A 126-day hostage crisis at the residence of the Japanese ambassador in
series moved to Netflix in August 2020, season 1 and season 2 of Cobra Kai became the most-watched series on the platform. It was the most-watched show on streaming media in the United States between August 29 and September 6, according to Nielsen ratings. During the week, the show's 20 episodes drew nearly 2.2 billion streaming minutes in the United States. The first season was watched on Netflix by 50 million member households in its first four weeks, making Cobra
series, the production team decided to create a second track for the specific purpose of being used in the newly created celebrity segment "Celebrity Face Off". They eventually decided to situate the new track at Enstone Airfield, close to the fixed studio tent location - a site originally planned for use with Top Gear. The track was mostly designed as an oval, with half of it involving a gravel track. The track was dropped from use after the second series,
serious relationship was with Judy Bowles, a high school student he had met at a baseball game in mid-1961. The couple were engaged during Christmas 1963 and were to be married the following December. She inspired his songs "Judy" (1962), "Surfer Girl" (1963), and, according to some accounts, "The Warmth of the Sun" (1964), the latter being written shortly after they had separated. Around then, he gradually became romantically involved with singer Marilyn Rovell, whom he had met in August
services he later employed for the Beach Boys' Christmas album and Adult/Child. It is likely that Wilson learned nearly the entirety of the Four Freshmen's recorded repertoire through 1961, after which his obsession with the group diminished. In addition to the Four Freshmen, Mike Love recalled Wilson "playing and studying a lot of Ricky Nelson, the Four Preps, and the Hi-Los". Inquired for his music tastes in 1961, Wilson replied, "top 10". Particular favorites included Chuck Berry, the Coasters, and
sessions for Nilsson's "Salmon Falls" and Keith Moon's solo album, Two Sides of the Moon. The Beach Boys' greatest hits compilation Endless Summer was a surprise success, becoming the band's second number-one U.S. album in October 1974. To take advantage of their sudden resurgence in popularity, Wilson agreed to join his bandmates in Colorado for the recording of a new album at James William Guercio's Caribou Ranch studio. The group completed a few tracks, including "Child of Winter (Christmas Song)",
setting some minimum standards but leaving most workers' wages and benefits to collective bargaining and market forces. Thus, it comes closest to the above Anglo-Saxon model. Also, the Eastern European countries that have recently entered into the EU come closest to the Anglo-Saxon model. In contrast, in Germany, the relation between individual employees and employers is considered to be asymmetrical. In consequence, many working conditions are not negotiable due to a strong legal protection of individuals. However, the German flavor
seven on the national charts, with similarly successful singles. He also produced the car-themed album Little Deuce Coupe, released just three weeks after Surfer Girl. Still resistant to touring, Jardine was his live substitute. By late 1963, Marks' departure necessitated Wilson's return to the touring lineup. By the end of the year, Wilson had written, arranged, or produced 42 songs for other acts. Throughout 1964, Wilson toured internationally with the Beach Boys while writing and producing their albums Shut Down
sevens are sometimes termed "intermediate cards." See body. 2) A jump overcall that by agreement may be made with a hand of opening bid strength and a long suit is termed an "intermediate jump overcall." 3) An opening two-bid that by agreement may be made with values just short of those required for a game-forcing opening bid is termed an "intermediate two-bid." International Match Point (IMP) 1) (Noun) A method of scoring, usually in a teams match, that compares the
several months, he soon returned to his NBA commitments. Wilson entered psychologist Eugene Landy's intensive 24-hour therapy program in October. Under Landy's care, Wilson stabilized and became more socially engaged, renewing his productivity. In 1976, the slogan "Brian's Back!" was widely used to promote the Beach Boys' concert tours and the July release of 15 Big Ones, the first album since Pet Sounds to list Wilson as the sole producer. Recording sessions were tense, as his bandmates opposed his proposal
several online rubber bridge rooms. In 2001, the WBF issued a special edition of the lawbook adapted for internet and other electronic forms of the game. Glossary of contract bridge terms List of bridge books List of bridge competitions and awards List of bridge magazines List of contract bridge people American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) World Bridge Federation (WBF) The Bridge Library
several specific play techniques, such as the Scissors coup, Trump coup, Devil's coup or Vienna coup. Coup en passant The lead of a side suit in which both second and third hands are void, second hand holding a high trump, in such a way that third hand cannot be prevented from taking a trick with a low trump. It is a form of elopement. Coup without a name See Scissors coup. "Coup without a name" is an earlier term for
shipment of military equipment from Iran, Turkey, and Jordan to Pakistan, offering to replenish those countries' weapons stocks later despite Congressional objections. The US used the threat of an aid cut-off to force Pakistan to back down, while its continued military aid to Islamabad prevented India from launching incursions deeper into the country. Pakistan forces in East Pakistan surrendered in Dhaka on 16 December 1971, leading to the creation of the independent state of Bangladesh. When the news of Pakistan's
ships in Chittagong, Mongla, Narayanganj and Chandpur on 15 August 1971. Bangladeshi conventional forces attacked border outposts. Kamalpur, Belonia and the Battle of Boyra are a few examples. 90 out of 370 border outposts fell to Bengali forces. Guerrilla attacks intensified, as did Pakistani and Razakar reprisals on civilian populations. Pakistani forces were reinforced by eight battalions from West Pakistan. The Bangladeshi independence fighters even managed to temporarily capture airstrips at Lalmonirhat and Shalutikar. Both of these were used for
shooting" tirailler "to pull, pester" tirailleur tirer "to draw" tir tire tiré tirade tireur tirage tiret tiroir attirer détirer étirer retirer soutirer tirailler tocsin "tocsin, bell" ( < toquesin < toque < Gmc + sin "bell) tomber "to fall" ( < MFr tumber < OFr tumer < Frk *tumōn < Gmc, cf OHG tūmōn "to reel, turn", ON tumba "to dance", OE tumbian "to dance, tumble") tombée tombereau tonne "tun" tonneau tonnelle tonnelier tonneler tonnage tonneau "cask" tonneler "to tunnel"
shop does not require union membership in employing or keeping workers. Where a union is active, workers who do not contribute to a union may include those who approve of the union contract (free riders) and those who do not. In the United States, state level right-to-work laws mandate the open shop in some states. In Germany only open shops are legal; that is, all discrimination based on union membership is forbidden. This affects the function and services of the
shops were burning we called the police every five minutes; no response." At a shopping center several miles north of Koreatown, Jay Rhee, who said he and others fired five hundred shots into the ground and air, said, "We have lost our faith in the police. Where were you when we needed you?" Despite Koreatown's relative geographical isolation from South Central Los Angeles, it was the most severely damaged in the riots. The riots have been considered a major turning
short-term and long-term, politically. The 1992 events in Los Angeles were compared to the May 2020 police murder of George Floyd in the US city of Minneapolis that resulted in a global protest movement against police brutality and structural racism. Floyd's murder served as an inflection point after the police killing of Breonna Taylor in Louisville, Kentucky in March 2020, fueling public outrage. Unlike in 1992, participants who protested Floyd's murder were more racially diverse and there was little if
shot and killed Black ninth-grader Latasha Harlins after a physical altercation. Du was convicted of voluntary manslaughter and the jury recommended the maximum sentence of 16 years, but the judge, Joyce Karlin, decided against prison time and sentenced Du to five years of probation, 400 hours of community service, and a $500 fine instead. Relations between the African American and Korean communities significantly worsened after this, and the former became increasingly mistrustful of the criminal justice system. Tensions between African
shotgun rounds through the door, injuring some of the officers. One of the officers yelled to the Marines, "Cover me", as per law enforcement training to be prepared to fire if necessary. However, per their military training, the Marines interpreted the wording as providing cover by establishing a base of firepower, resulting in a total of 200 rounds being sprayed into the house. Remarkably, neither the suspect nor the woman and children inside the house were harmed. Although Mayor Bradley
show, incorporating its R&B tracks into their musical lexicon. One of Wilson's first forays into songwriting, penned when he was nine, was a reinterpretation of the lyrics to Stephen Foster's "Oh! Susannah". When he was 12, his family acquired an upright piano, and he began teaching himself to play piano by spending hours mastering his favorite songs. He learned how to write manuscript music through a friend of his father. Wilson sang with peers at school functions, as well as
shows and was published on 31 July 2016, the date of Harry's birthday in the series and Rowling's birthday, as well, including some midnight release events. Since revisions to the script continued after the book was printed, an edited version was released on 25 July 2017, as the "Definitive Collector's Edition". According to CNN, this was the most preordered book of 2016. In the United States and Canada, the book sold over 2 million copies in its first two days
side. It is colloquially referred to as a bonus for "insult", meaning that the opponents have insulted the pair by suggesting that the declarer will not make the contract. 50 points are awarded for a doubled contract made, and 100 points are awarded for a redoubled contract made. In scoring notation, a doubled contract is indicated by an 'X" after the contract (e.g. a contract of four hearts doubled is indicated by 4♥ X); a redoubled contract is indicated by
signal made in a different suit, usually the suit which declarer is running, to inform partner in beforehand about a critical decision he will have to make later during the play of the hand. Swindle A deceptive bid or play. SWINE A proxi-acronym for Sebesfi Woods 1NT Escape. Swing A difference in scores between two tables on a board in a team match. Swinging An aggressive playing style, usually adopted by a pair or team who is behind with some
signed 12 agreements and memoranda of understanding covering areas such as commerce, energy, technology, cultural exchange, and mass media cooperation. Central to the economic discussions was a mutual objective to raise the volume of bilateral trade to approximately USD 10 billion, significantly higher than the existing levels, which are estimated at around USD 3 billion annually. Iranian support for Pakistan dates back to the 1960s when Iran supplied Pakistan with American military weaponry and spare parts after America cut off
significant threshold to labour organizing in low-income countries, where the labour force mostly works in the informal economy. In the United Kingdom, the perceived left-leaning nature of trade unions (and their historical close alignment with the Labour Party) has resulted in the formation of a reactionary right-wing trade union called Solidarity which is supported by the far-right BNP. In Denmark, there are some newer apolitical "discount" unions who offer a very basic level of services, as opposed to the dominating
signified by the drawing of a horizontal line. Having won a game, North-South are now also vulnerable for all subsequent deals of the rubber. Deal 5: North bids 3♣ and makes 4 scoring 60 contract points below the line and 20 overtrick points above the line. Deal 6: East bids and makes 6♦ - a small slam holding all five top honors. This scores a game of 120 contract points and earns a slam bonus of 750 points above the
silver hair and a beard that tucks into his belt, is the headmaster of Hogwarts, and thought to be the only wizard Voldemort fears. Dumbledore, while renowned for his achievements in magic, shrugs off praise, though he is aware of his own brilliance. Rowling described him as the "epitome of goodness". Professor Minerva McGonagall, a tall, severe-looking woman with black hair tied in a tight bun, teaches Transfiguration and is able to transform herself into a cat. She is Deputy
similar attacks to attempt to regain lost territory at Minimarg Lake and Turtuk. Subsequently, in 1972, India and Pakistan signed the Simla Agreement, after which both sides would retain territory they captured in Kashmir and demarcate the Line of Control, while the international border would return to its pre-war limits. Since the end of the war, India continues to retain control over the regions such as Chalunka, Thang, Turtuk, Takshi and Pachtang meanwhile Pakistan retain control on Chumb. The war
since Pet Sounds to list Wilson as the sole producer. Recording sessions were tense, as his bandmates opposed his proposal for a covers album and questioned his readiness to lead studio proceedings. The album ultimately featured a mix of covers and original material. Beginning on July 2, 1976, Wilson resumed regular performances with the band for the first time since 1964, singing and alternating between bass guitar and piano. In August, he toured outside California for the first time since
since high school in 2014. In the wild card round against the Packers, Moore recorded six catches for 64 yards, including the 25-yard score with 1:43 remaining that won the game. Career statistics from NFL.com · ESPN · CBS Sports · Yahoo Sports · Pro Football Reference Chicago Bears bio Maryland Terrapins bio
since the age of twelve. The styles of both novelists encourage rereading, as details that appear insignificant are discovered to foreshadow important events or characters much later in the story (for example, the brief mention of Sirius Black near the beginning of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone foreshadows his importance as a major character in the third to fifth books). Like Austen's heroines, Harry often finds himself re-examining his beliefs as the books draw to a close. Also reminiscent
sing, and the first Montreal all-day sing took place in the spring of 2016. Sacred Harp singing has happened on a monthly basis for years in Toronto. Australia has had Sacred Harp singing since 2001, and singings are held regularly in Melbourne, Sydney, Canberra and Blackwood. The first Australian All Day Singing was held in Sydney in 2012. In January 2009, Sacred Harp singing was introduced to Ireland, by Juniper Hill of University College Cork, spreading quickly from a class
singer (Snow Man) February 18 – DK, South Korean singer (Seventeen) February 23 – Shiena Nishizawa, Japanese singer March 2 – Becky G, Mexican-American singer-songwriter, actress March 3 – Camila Cabello, Cuban-American singer/songwriter, dancer and actress March 4 – Daoko, Japanese singer March 8 – Jurina Matsui - Japanese idol, actress, talent, and model (former SKE48) March 21 – Tini Stoessel, Argentine actress, singer, songwriter, dancer and model. March 24 – Mina, Japanese singer and dancer (TWICE) March 26 –
singer-songwriter January 17 – Jack Vidgen, Australian singer, 2011 Australia's Got Talent winner, activist and television personality January 20 – Blueface, American rapper January 21 – Edan Lui, Hong Kong singer (MIRROR) January 24 – CK Wong, Hong Kong singer-songwriter (STRAYZ) January 28 – Nutsa Buzaladze, Georgian singer January 31 – Miyeon, South Korean singer, ((G)I-dle) February 1 – Jihyo, South Korean singer (TWICE) February 8 Bella Poarch, Filipino American singer, songwriter, activist, veteran and internet star (Friend of Grimes)
singer-songwriter, actress, pianist and actress April 6 – Mingyu, South Korean rapper and singer (Seventeen) April 8 - Saygrace, Australian singer-songwriter April 27 – Sayuki Takagi, Japanese singer May 6 – Scene Queen, American metal musician May 7 Irori Maeda, Japanese singer Rico Nasty, American rapper and trap metal artist May 11 Lana Condor, American actress and dancer Coi Leray, American rapper, singer-songwriter and dancer May 20 - Omar Apollo. American bilingual singer and songwriter May 26 - Grace Carter,
singer-songwriter, television host and former member of 15& July 7 - James Marriott, British YouTuber and musician July 7 – Erina Ikuta, Japanese pop singer, dancer, actress and model (Morning Musume) July 8 – Lauran Hibberd, British singer-songwriter July 10 – Rena Katō, Japanese singer July 28 - Gabbriette, American model and musician July 30 – Finneas O'Connell, American singer-songwriter, actor, record producer and musician, brother of and collaborator with Billie Eilish August 5 Olivia Holt, American actress and singer
singers had different opinions about just what form the stable, traditionalized version of Sacred Harp would take. The first move was made by W. M. Cooper, of Dothan, Alabama, a leading Sacred Harp teacher in his own region, but not part of the inner circle of B. F. White's old colleagues and descendants. In 1902 Cooper prepared a revision of The Sacred Harp that, while retaining most of the old songs, also added new tunes that reflected more contemporary music
singers. The James edition was further revised in 1936 by a committee under the leadership of the brothers Seaborn and Thomas Denson, both influential singing school teachers. Both died shortly before the project was complete, and the remaining work was overseen by Paine Denson, son of Thomas. This book was entitled Original Sacred Harp, Denson Revision, and was itself revised 1960, 1967, and 1971 by committees led by A. M. Cagle and Hugh McGraw. Additional, more thorough revisions and remodelings
single set of institutions for the three communities, which were collectively referred to as the European Communities. Jean Rey presided over the first merged commission (Rey Commission). In 1973, the communities were enlarged to include Denmark (including Greenland), Ireland, and the United Kingdom. Norway had negotiated to join at the same time, but Norwegian voters rejected membership in a referendum. The Ostpolitik and the ensuing détente led to establishment of a first truly pan-European body, the Conference on Security and
single year. e.g. "2009". An international Test series may be for a much shorter duration, and Cricinfo treats this issue by stating "any series or matches which began between May and September of any given year will appear in the relevant single year season and any that began between October and April will appear in the relevant cross-year season". In the record tables, a two-year span generally indicates that the record was set within a domestic season in one of
situation when a defender cannot follow suit and therefore has free choice what card to play or throw away. In such circumstances the thrown-away card can be used to indicate some aspect of the hand, or a desire for a specific suit to be played. Signals indicate how cards played within a suit are chosen – for example, playing a noticeably high card when this is unexpected can signal encouragement to continue playing the suit, and a low card can
six Indian prisoners awaiting release after their capture during the war. Midnight's Children, a 2012 film was adapted from Salman Rushdie's novel, is fictional story of two twins born on the midnight of 15 August 1947. It also has references to 1971 war. Children of War, a 2014 Hindi drama film, revolves around the events of 1971 Bangladesh genocide and the liberation war. The Ghazi Attack, a 2017 war film directed by Sankalp Reddy. It is based on the sinking
six innings in Game 1 of a doubleheader against the Washington Nationals; the Giants had a 2–1 lead in the eighth inning. With runners on first and second for the Nationals and two outs, Wilson was called on to get the save. He walked Ryan Zimmerman to load the bases and bring up Adam Dunn. He then loaded the count against Dunn before throwing a called strike three to end the inning. Wilson then pitched a scoreless ninth, preserving the
six to eight elements, depending on the variant. This is the list of the scoring elements: If the contract is made, the score for each such deal consists of: Contract points, assigned to each odd trick bid and made Overtrick points, assigned for each trick taken over the contracted number of odd tricks A slam bonus for a small slam or grand slam contract bid and made A bonus, colloquially known as 'for insult', is received at the end of
skyscrapers, the largest power plant (the Three Gorges Dam), the most extensive ultra-high-voltage transmission network and innovation infrastructure, and a global satellite navigation system with the largest number of satellites. China is the largest telecom market in the world and currently has the largest number of active cellphones of any country, with over 1.7 billion subscribers, as of February 2023. It has the largest number of internet and broadband users, with over 1.125 billion Internet users as of December 2025—equivalent
software Auction theory Auctions in Monopoly game Foreclosure Game theory Offer and acceptance Online auction Online travel auction Request for tender Silent trade Klemperer, P. 1999. Auction theory: A guide to the literature. Journal of Economic Surveys Krishna, Vijay (2002), Auction Theory, San Diego, USA: Academic Press, ISBN 978-0-12-426297-3 Milgrom, Paul (2004), Putting Auction Theory to Work, Cambridge, United Kingdom: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 978-0-521-55184-7 Shubik, Martin (March 2004), The Theory of Money and Financial Institutions: Volume 1, Cambridge, Mass.,
sold-out. Attendees included Paul McCartney, George Martin, Richard Wright, Jeff Beck, Elvis Costello, Jason Pierce of Spiritualized, Gruff Rhys of Super Furry Animals, Kevin Shields of My Bloody Valentine, and Aphex Twin. A brief tour followed in England and Europe. Critical reaction was highly favorable. The Guardian declared that it was "one of the greatest of American symphonies." John Mulvey wrote in NME; "It's rare that you can honestly say you were present at a moment of genuine historic significance.
soldiers already in the city. The Marine Corps contingent included the 1st Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion, commanded by John F. Kelly. It was the first significant military occupation of Los Angeles by federal troops since the 1894 Pullman Strike, and also the first federal military intervention in an American city to quell a civil disorder since the 1968 King assassination riots, and the deadliest modern unrest since the 1980 Miami riots at the time, only 12 years earlier. These federal
solidarity with Iranian people in their difficult time. In the Balochistan region of southeastern Iran and western Pakistan, the Balochi people routinely travel the area with little regard for the official border, causing considerable problems for the Iranian Guards Corps and the Frontier Corps of Pakistan. Both countries have ongoing conflicts with Balochi separatist groups. However, some tensions have remained. Since 2010, there has been an increase in meetings between senior figures of both governments as they attempt to find
some as the union's "supreme political leadership", it is actively involved in the negotiation of treaty changes and defines the EU's policy agenda and strategies. Its leadership role involves solving disputes between member states and the institutions, and to resolving any political crises or disagreements over controversial issues and policies. It acts as a "collective head of state" and ratifies important documents (for example, international agreements and treaties). Tasks for the president of the European Council are ensuring the external
some decision-making among the member states, rather than relying exclusively on unanimity. The EU is less integrated than a federal state because it is not a state in its own right: sovereignty continues to flow 'from the bottom up', from the several peoples of the separate member states, rather than from a single undifferentiated whole. This is reflected in the fact that the member states remain the 'masters of the Treaties', retaining control over the allocation of competences to the
some of the relationships between the characters, such as Harry and Dumbledore's. The response had been particularly positive among fans who watched the play on stage. In response to the play's book-form publication, some fans said its story seemed more "like a work of fan fiction" and said that it diverged from previously established rules of the universe, criticising the script's characterisation. Some also took issue with the style and plot of the script, complaining that the Time-Turner storylines had
some recordings with the Beach Boys were completed, the Wilson–Paley project was eventually abandoned. Instead, Wilson co-produced the band's 1996 album Stars and Stripes Vol. 1 with Joe Thomas, owner of River North Records. In 1997, Wilson relocated to St. Charles, Illinois, to work on a solo project with Thomas. His third solo album, Imagination (June 1998), which he described as "really a Brian Wilson/Joe Thomas album", peaked at number 88 in the U.S. and received criticism for assimilating Wilson's
something. Elizabeth I used the badge as her second Great Seal of 1586. This motif had earlier featured of the coins of the Lordship of Ireland during the Tudor period and continued to be used on the coins of the Kingdom of Ireland. Following the creation of the United Kingdom, the device was used on the cap badges of the Royal Irish Constabulary and later the Royal Ulster Constabulary. The badge can be seen today on the cap badge of
sometimes lead to disagreements, such as those which occurred over the war in Iraq. The coordinator and representative of the CFSP within the EU is the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy who speaks on behalf of the EU in foreign policy and defence matters, and has the task of articulating the positions expressed by the member states on these fields of policy into a common alignment. The high representative heads up the European External
song "Erin Go Bragh" on their LP Rifles of the I.R.A. Alba gu bràth (Scottish Gaelic cry: 'Scotland forever!') Faugh A Ballagh (Irish: Fág an Bealach "Clear the way!") Tiocfaidh ár lá ('Our day will come!') Cymru am byth (Welsh cry: 'Wales forever!') Breizh da viken or Breizh atao (Breton: 'Brittany forever!')
song for tunes and inspiration. Probably the most successful shape note book prior to The Sacred Harp was William Walker's Southern Harmony, published in 1835 and still in use today. Even as they flourished and spread, shape notes and the kind of participatory music which they served came under attack. The critics were from the urban-based "better music" movement, spearheaded by Lowell Mason, which advocated a more "scientific" style of sacred music, more closely based on the harmonic styles of
songs and adding new ones in their places. From the original 262 pages, the book was expanded by 1869 to 477. This edition was reprinted and continued in use for several decades. Around the turn of the 20th century, Sacred Harp singing entered a period of conflict over the issue of traditionalism. The conflict ultimately split the community. B. F. White had died in 1879 before completing a fourth revision of his book; thus the version that Sacred Harp participants
songs by Van Dyke Parks, which was credited to the duo and released as Orange Crate Art in October 1995. In the late 1990s, Wilson and Tony Asher rekindled their writing partnership, and one of their songs, "Everything I Need", appeared on The Wilsons (1997), a project by his daughters Carnie and Wendy that included select contributions from Wilson. Although some recordings with the Beach Boys were completed, the Wilson–Paley project was eventually abandoned. Instead, Wilson co-produced the band's 1996
sophomore season. Source: Most games with 5 or more receptions as a rookie: 14 games Youngest WR with multiple touchdowns in a game : 21 years and 56 days Fastest to reach 100 career receptions : 14 games (tied with Odell Beckham Jr.) Most targets by a rookie in a season : 170 Most receptions in a season : 109 Youngest player to score a touchdown in a game : 21 years and 49 days Most receptions in a rookie
sound is generally loud (with singers using "full voice"). Although Sacred Harp singing is heavily reliant on the printed book, the style of singing and social customs are also transmitted orally. In some cases, singers deviate from the music in specific ways that cannot necessarily be assumed from the book itself (for example, raising the 6th scale degree in many minor songs, or observing unwritten repeats). Sacred Harp music continues to be taught in "singing schools" by members of the
sovereignty of the British colony in Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China. July 2 – The Bank of Thailand floats the baht, triggering the Asian financial crisis. July 4 – NASA's Pathfinder space probe lands on the surface of Mars. July 5 In Cambodia, Hun Sen of the Cambodian People's Party overthrows Norodom Ranariddh in a coup. The Egyptian Islamic Group announces a cessation-of-violence initiative. July 8 – NATO invites the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland to join
space, the reverse bidder is usually expected to hold a stronger than average hand, usually more than 16 HCP. Revoke Failure to follow suit as required when a player is able to do so. Rewind (Slang) To redouble. RHO Right-hand opponent. Right-Side the contract A style of bidding which strives to select the Declarer most beneficial for the partnership. Example: After NT openings, Jacoby Transfers right-side the contract so that the NT opener is the Declarer: As the hand with
spades is the suit the partnership has shown strength in, and because they have agreed that when they hold two touching honors (or adjacent honors) they will play the higher one first. West plays the card face down, to give their partner and the declarer (but not dummy) a chance to ask any last questions about the bidding or to object if they believe West is not the correct hand to lead. After that, North's cards are laid on the
speaks in Shenzhen during his southern tour, a move that would return China on its right-wing march towards free market economics. January 20 – Air Inter Flight 148, an Airbus A320-111, crashes in the Vosges Mountains near Barr, France, while circling to land at Strasbourg, France, killing 87 of the 96 people on board. Facing tough competition from French high-speed TGV trains, Air Inter had encouraged its pilots to fly at high speeds at low altitudes, and had not installed
special Moment of Crisis: Anatomy of a Riot "The MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour," 1992-05-13, NewsHour Productions, American Archive of Public Broadcasting (WGBH and the Library of Congress), Boston, MA and Washington, DC County Supervisors Zev Yaroslavsky and Yvonne Burke's firsthand account of the Riots on its 25th anniversary in 2017.Beverly Hills View | Yvonne Burke & Zev Yaroslavsky
special day for him, not for Owens, and many of Owens' receptions were intentionally called in order for him to break the record. San Francisco again struggled going 6–10 and missing the postseason. With the emergence of Terrell Owens in San Francisco and because of their desire to rebuild the team and clear salary, Rice was released by the 49ers in June 2001 and signed with the Oakland Raiders for a four-year, $7.8 million contract. He joined a Raiders team
special tribunal dealing with Mujib's case. Rahimuddin gave Mujib the death sentence, but President Yahya put the verdict into abeyance. Yahya's crackdown, however, had led to the Bangladesh Liberation War within Pakistan. India would eventually be drawn into said war, fighting on behalf of the Bangladeshis against Pakistan; the war would later extend into the Indo-Pakistani war of 1971. The consequences of the war were mainly that East Pakistan became independent as Bangladesh, and that India captured approximately 15,000 square
species of animals and vascular plants, making it the third-most biodiverse country in the world, after Brazil and Colombia. The country is a party to the Convention on Biological Diversity; its National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan was received by the convention in 2010. China is home to at least 551 species of mammals (the third-highest in the world), 1,221 species of birds (eighth), 424 species of reptiles (seventh) and 333 species of amphibians (seventh). Wildlife in China shares habitat
species of birds (eighth), 424 species of reptiles (seventh) and 333 species of amphibians (seventh). Wildlife in China shares habitat with, and bears acute pressure from, one of the world's largest population of humans. At least 840 animal species are threatened, vulnerable or in danger of local extinction, due mainly to human activity such as habitat destruction, pollution and poaching for food, fur and traditional Chinese medicine. Endangered wildlife is protected by law, and as of 2019, the country has
species protection in Europe, as well as contributing to improvements in air and water quality and waste management. Mitigating climate change is one of the top priorities of EU environmental policy. In 2007, member states agreed that, in the future, 20 per cent of the energy used across the EU must be renewable, and carbon dioxide emissions have to be lower in 2020 by at least 20 per cent compared to 1990 levels. In 2017, the EU emitted 9.1 per
specific type of falsecard which creates a losing option to declarer. Zone One of eight geographic zones in which World Bridge Federation member "nations" are grouped for some purposes. The WBF was founded August 1958 by delegates from Europe, North America, and South America, which are now Zones 1 to 3. World championship teams-of-four competition has been organized zonally even longer: the Bermuda Bowl was contested in one long match between representatives of Europe and North America from 1951 (the
speculated that some teachers didn't understand Wilson's life situation at the time. Art Psaledas, an assistant principal at the school, added, "It happened at probably the worst time anybody could lose your dad. Watching his dad deteriorate over the years was probably the singular thing that formed his personality." Bob Napolitano, Wilson's coach at Londonderry High School, noticed Wilson's ability to concentrate on baseball. Napolitano specifically remembered the first home game of Wilson's senior year, which happened shortly after his
spoken by an auctioneer in the process of conducting an auction. Auction fever – an emotional state elicited in the course of one or more auctions that causes a bidder to deviate from an initially chosen bidding strategy. Auction house – the company operating the auction (i.e., establishing the date and time of the auction, the auction rules, determining which items are to be included in the auction, registering bidders, taking payments, and delivering the goods to the winning bidders).
sport as involving physical activity, but did not rule on the "broad, somewhat philosophical question" as to whether bridge is a sport. The basic premise of duplicate bridge had previously been used for whist matches as early as 1857. Initially, bridge was not thought to be suitable for duplicate competition; it was not until the 1920s that (auction) bridge tournaments became popular. In 1925 when contract bridge first evolved, bridge tournaments were becoming popular, but the rules were somewhat in
spread of Soviet influence. He records the deaths of leaders such as Hua Guofeng. Kissinger records how China adopted a three-world approach in response to international relations. The latter part of the book covers the relationship between the U.S. and China under President Clinton in the 1990s, the disintegrating of the Soviet Union and the Third Taiwan Strait Crisis. The state of affairs as per 2011 (when the book was written) is assessed, providing an optimistic view of China's international
spread of corruption. Although this method cannot completely solve the problem of corruption, it is still a significant contribution to the auction. A government auction is simply an auction held on behalf of a government body generally at a general sale. Items for sale are often surplus needed to be liquidated. Auctions ordered by estate executors enter the assets of individuals who have perhaps died intestate (those who have died without leaving a will), or in debt. In legal contexts
squeeze A squeeze position that succeeds against either opponent. Compare with Positional squeeze. Average In matchpoint scoring, one-half the matchpoints available on a given deal. An average score is sometimes awarded to one or both pairs when for some reason they cannot play the board. If neither pair is at fault or both pairs are at fault, the director may decide to award an average to each side. Law 12.C.2 of the Laws of Duplicate Contract Bridge states that if
stability of collusive agreements. Motor vehicle and car auctions – Here one can buy anything from an accident-damaged car to a brand new top-of-the-range model; from a run-of-the-mill family saloon to a rare collector's item. Antiques and collectibles auctions give an opportunity for viewing a huge array of items. The sale of collectibles includes items such as stamps, coins, vintage toys & trains, classic cars, and fine art. On-site auctions – Sometimes when the stock or assets of a company
stance amongst many politicized Pakistani Shi'as remains widespread. Many Pakistani Shi'a websites and books are filled with writings advocating the Khomeini regime. Since the 1980s, Pakistan had once again formed close ties with the United States, which it largely maintained for decades until Imran Khan's PTI took power. Iran had a revolution in 1979 and the Ayatollah's threats to export "Red Shi'a" revolutionary influence throughout Iran's neighbouring regions eventually led Saddam Hussein's Sunni-controlled and secular Iraq, backed by the United
standing in the treaties. In more recent years, these have been supplemented by powers to legislate against discrimination based on race, religion, disability, age, and sexual orientation. The treaties declare that the European Union itself is "founded on the values of respect for human dignity, freedom, democracy, equality, the rule of law and respect for human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to minorities ... in a society in which pluralism, non-discrimination, tolerance, justice, solidarity and equality between women
standing law; and that no alteration of the existing rate of Compensation shall operate for the Benefit of the Representatives, until after a subsequent Election shall have been had." This amendment was one of several proposed amendments to the Constitution that Representative James Madison of Virginia introduced in the House of Representatives on June 8, 1789. Madison's original intent was that it be added to the end of Article I, Section 6, Clause 1 of the Constitution ("The Senators and
stars and co-executive producers William Zabka and Ralph Macchio. YouTube partnered with Fathom Events for special screenings of the first two episodes of the series at around 700 movie theaters across the United States. The event also included a screening of the original film. All six seasons of Cobra Kai have received positive critical reviews. At the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the entire series received a 94% approval rating. On Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, the series holds
starts, on Li's orders, Cheng attacks Dre's injured leg, causing Dre to lose balance, but he manages to get up and uses the snake stance he saw at the temple. Dre defeats Cheng with a strong kick to the head, earning the respect of Cheng and his classmates. Cheng, instead of the presenter, presents Dre with the champion's trophy, and the Fighting Dragon students bow to Han out of respect for him as a real kung fu master, leaving Li
state and then poured or forced into the mold, where it cools and solidifies into the desired shape. Brass molding is often used to create intricate or complex shapes. In Russia, the instrument has its own brand called vargan. A Jew's harp was excavated in a 9th-century burial mound in Idelbayev, Bashkortostan. The Jew's harp was banned in the USSR during the regime of Joseph Stalin due to its closeness to Shamanism. In Nepal, one type of Jew's harp is
state of affairs as per 2011 (when the book was written) is assessed, providing an optimistic view of China's international role. Kissinger also articulates the areas in which the U.S. and China differ in the modern international environment. The books final parts examine the future of China and the US and their relationship together. He posits that China will continue to develop into a superpower, whilst comparing the US-China relationship to the Britain and German pre-World War Two. Kissinger finishes
state of emergency for the city of Los Angeles. At 10:15 a.m., he expanded the area under curfew. By mid-morning, violence appeared widespread and unchecked as extensive looting and arson were witnessed across Los Angeles County. Rioting moved from South Central Los Angeles, going north through Central Los Angeles causing widespread destruction in the neighborhoods of Koreatown, Westlake, Pico-Union, Echo Park, Hancock Park, Fairfax, Mid-City and Mid-Wilshire before reaching Hollywood. The looting and fires engulfed Hollywood Boulevard, and simultaneously rioting
state, as well as for various British territories and sovereign bases, the Crown dependencies, and other independent Commonwealth realms where the king is the head of state but separated from the judicial authority. A banner of the royal arms, known as the royal standard, is flown from buildings in which the monarch is resident or present. The Palace of Westminster, for example, usually flies the Union Flag, but flies the royal standard when the monarch is present for the State
states airports, thereby allowing a "foreign" airline to provide domestic flights. The Single European Sky (SES) is an initiative that seeks to reform the European air traffic management system through a series of actions carried out in four different levels (institutional, operational, technological and control and supervision) with the aim of satisfying the needs of the European airspace in terms of capacity, safety, efficiency and environmental impact. Civil aviation safety is under the responsibility of the European Union Aviation Safety
states became known as the Northern and Southern dynasties, with the two areas finally reunited by the Sui in 589. The Sui restored the Han to power through China, reformed its agriculture, economy and imperial examination system, constructed the Grand Canal, and patronized Buddhism. However, they fell quickly when their conscription for public works and a failed war in northern Korea provoked widespread unrest. Under the succeeding Tang and Song dynasties, Chinese economy, technology, and culture entered a golden age.
states having ratified the Seventeenth Amendment, it was certified by Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan on May 31, 1913, as part of the Constitution. The amendment has subsequently been ratified by: Louisiana: June 11, 1914 Alabama: April 11, 2002 Delaware: July 1, 2010 (after rejecting the amendment on March 18, 1913) Maryland: April 1, 2012 Rhode Island: June 20, 2014 The Utah legislature rejected the amendment on February 26, 1913. No action on the amendment has been completed by
states of Eastern India. The Government of India opened the East Pakistan–India border to allow Bengali refugees to find shelter; the governments of West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, Meghalaya and Tripura established refugee camps along the border. The resulting flood of impoverished East Pakistani refugees strained India's already overburdened economy. The Indian Government repeatedly appealed to the international community for assistance, but failed to elicit any response, despite External Affairs Minister Swaran Singh meeting foreign ministers of other countries. Prime Minister
states of central and southern Europe. Another fund (the Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance) provides support for candidate members to transform their country to conform to the EU's standard. Demographic transition to a society of ageing population, low fertility-rates and depopulation of non-metropolitan regions is tackled within this policies. The population of the EU in 2024 was about 450 million people, corresponding to 5.8 per cent of the world population. The population density across the EU was 106 inhabitants per square
states, and EU regulations, which are immediately enforceable in all member states. Lobbying at the EU level by special interest groups is regulated to try to balance the aspirations of private initiatives with public interest decision-making process. Through successive enlargements, the EU and its predecessors have grown from the six founding states of the EEC to 27 members. Countries accede to the union by becoming a party to the founding treaties, thereby subjecting themselves to the privileges and obligations of
states. The difference between the richest and poorest regions (281 NUTS-2 regions of the Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics) ranged, in 2017, from 31 per cent (Severozapaden, Bulgaria) of the EU28 average (€30,000) to 253 per cent (Luxembourg), or from €4,600 to €92,600. EU member states own the estimated third largest after the United States (US$140 trillion) and China (US$84 trillion) net wealth in the world, equal to around one sixth (US$76 trillion) of the US$454 trillion global wealth.
stating "When it comes to the cars, The Grand Tour delivers gearhead porn in spades... Clarkson, Hammond, and May's love for machinery... is still present, pure, and appealing, even with the shift in networks and formats." Conversely, in April 2017 Brad Anderson of CarScoops stated that he prefers Top Gear to The Grand Tour. According to Anderson, Top Gear had "become even better", whereas The Grand Tour "seemed more scripted, less natural and at stages, forced... attention is often skewed
stating "the chemistry between Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan grounds the movie, imbuing it with sincerity and poignance" and that the film is "fun and believable". Simon Abrams of Slant Magazine gave the film one and a half stars and noted that "the characters just aren't old enough to be convincing in their hormone-driven need to prove themselves" and "this age gap is also a huge problem when it comes to the range that these kids bring to the project"
station KNBC and asked people to stop the rioting and watch the series finale of The Cosby Show. The US Justice Department announced it would resume federal investigation of the Rodney King beating as a violation of federal civil rights law. In the early morning hours of Friday, May 1, the major rioting was stopped. Rodney King gave an impromptu news conference in front of his lawyer's office, tearfully saying, "People, I just want to say, you know, can we
statutes restricting the authority of governors to appoint temporary replacements are constitutional. Vikram Amar, writing in the Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly, claims Wyoming's requirement that its governor fill a senatorial vacancy by nominating a person of the same party as the person who vacated that seat violates the Seventeenth Amendment. This is based on the text of the Seventeenth Amendment, which states that "the legislature of any state may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments". The amendment only
still I could not believe what I was looking at. To see my officers engage in what appeared to be excessive use of force, possibly criminally excessive, to see them beat a man with their batons 56 times, to see a sergeant on the scene who did nothing to seize control, was something I never dreamed I would witness. The Los Angeles County District Attorney charged four police officers, including one sergeant, with assault and use of excessive force. Due
stolen necklace, "but before we got too deep, we had to reach out to Hilary and find out would she be willing to come and play with us." At the end of the series in 2025, Heald, Hurwitz, and Scholssberg stated that Swank would not appear as, "people have all sorts of reasons why they will or will not be participating in something, and with the timing of whatever was going on, it just was never an option." However, they
stop illegal immigration, human trafficking and terrorist infiltration. The EU also operates the European Travel Information and Authorisation System, the Entry/Exit System, the Schengen Information System, the Visa Information System and the Common European Asylum System which provide common databases for police and immigration authorities. The impetus for the development of this co-operation was the advent of open borders in the Schengen Area and the associated cross-border crime. The EU's member states cover an area of 4,233,262 square kilometres (1,634,472
stoppers. Devil's coup In the endgame, the play of a side suit through a defender to create an over ruff and a subsequent trump finesse. D–I (Abbreviation of Declarative-Interrogative.) 4NT as a general slam try that asks partner to show features. D–I is incorporated in several bidding systems, including Neapolitan, Blue Team Club and Kaplan–Sheinwold. Players distinguish the D–I and Blackwood uses of 4NT by context. Direction A player's position at the bridge table (North, East, South or West). Direct
straight time against the Green Bay Packers 23–10 in the NFC Championship. Rice made a full recovery, coming back in time for the 1998 regular season opener. In Week 4, against the Atlanta Falcons, he had eight receptions for 162 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 31–20 victory. In Week 11, in another game against the Falcons, he had ten receptions for 169 receiving yards and a receiving touchdown. Overall, he recorded 82 catches for 1,157 yards and
streak with seven receptions for 126 yards and three touchdowns in a 38–24 victory over the Cleveland Browns in the following game. For his game against the Browns, he won NFC Offensive Player of the Week. Two weeks later, in Week 14, Rice recorded three receiving touchdowns for the third time in four games in a 41–0 victory over the Chicago Bears. In the final two games of the regular season, Rice recorded four total receiving touchdowns. Rice scored a
strong two-suited hand (5–5 or longer) that is less suitable for a takeout double and is game forcing. Described as an overcall by some of a weak two-bid of a major, others expand its application to all weak preempts at the 2 or 3-level in both the majors and minors. Leave in To pass, often used of passing when partner's double was followed by a pass. Lebensohl (Leb) Responder's bid of 2NT as a puppet to 3♣ in preparation for
structure emphasizing fourths and fifths, and the distinction between the ordinary four-part hymn ("plain tune"), the anthem, and the fuguing tune. Several composers of this school, including Joseph Stephenson and Aaron Williams, are represented in the 1991 Edition of The Sacred Harp. For further information on the English roots of Sacred Harp music, see West gallery music. Around the mid-18th century, the forms and styles of English country parish music were introduced to America, notably in a new tunebook called
structure of the EU, merging the EU three pillars system into a single legal entity provisioned with a legal personality, created a permanent president of the European Council, the first of which was Herman Van Rompuy, and strengthened the position of the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy. In 2012, the EU received the Nobel Peace Prize for having "contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy, and human rights in Europe". In 2013,
structure. Sahanaja undertook the task of transcribing and deconstructing the music, presenting his reconstructions to Wilson for feedback and revision. This process began with the isolation of recurring musical motifs and chord progressions before progressing to lyrical content. Wilson had resisted listening to the original recordings and later said that they had "reawakened the bad feelings of the drugs, not the music. The music was good vibes. The drugs were bad vibes. I had a bad flashback, but we got
student Liang to injure Dre in the semifinals. Liang reluctantly does so by delivering crippling blows to Dre's leg. He is disqualified and Dre advances to the finals against Cheng. Dre pleads with Han to heal his leg with the fire cupping method. Realizing this is more about overcoming Dre's fear than anything else, Han complies. As the final match starts, on Li's orders, Cheng attacks Dre's injured leg, causing Dre to lose balance, but he manages to get up
student, Bobby, one of his more compassionate students and the least vicious of Daniel's tormentors, to disable Daniel with an illegal attack to the knee. Bobby reluctantly does so, severely injuring Daniel and getting himself disqualified in the process. Daniel is taken to the locker room, where the physician determines that he cannot continue. However, Daniel believes that if he quits, his tormentors will have gotten the best of him. As a result, Daniel convinces Miyagi to use a pain
studied in the prestigious Colonel Brown Cambridge School in Dehradun and later enrolled at the University of the Punjab in Lahore, from where he graduated with a B.A. degree, finishing first in his class. Yahya Khan was commissioned into the British Indian Army from the Indian Military Academy, Dehradun on 15 July 1939, his date of commission was later antedated to 28 August 1938. An infantry officer from the 4th/10th Baluch Regiment (4th Battalion of 10th Baluch Regiment, later amalgamated
studies and founding director of the Young Oak Kim Center for Korean American Studies at the University of California, Riverside, has identified the LA riots as a turning point for the development of a Korean American identity separate from that of Korean immigrants and that was more politically active: "They learned a valuable lesson that we have to become much more engaged and politically involved and that political empowerment is very much part of the Korean American future." According to
studies. He attended the Indian Military Academy, Dehra Dun. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant on the Special List 15 July 1939. After being commissioned in July 1939, Hamid Khan was initially attached to the Somerset Light Infantry for experience from 11 August 1939. His date of commission was later antedated to 28 August 1938 and he was promoted to lieutenant 28 November 1940. He was admitted to the British Indian Army 27 August 1940. He was appointed acting
subcontinent and strengthen the position of the Soviet Union. Similarly, President Yahya feared that an independent Bangladesh could lead to the disintegration of Pakistan, and said publicly in August 1971 that Indian military support for Bengali guerrillas could lead to war between India and Pakistan. In November 1971, Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi met Nixon in Washington. She assured him that she didn't want war with Pakistan, but he did not believe her. Witness accounts presented by Kissinger pointed out
subject to artistic interpretation and the preferences of the monarch under the royal prerogative. The blazons of the royal arms do not specify any particular heraldic crown to be depicted in the achievement, using only the term "imperial crown proper" to indicate a crown with arches and in its natural colours. The first reference to the "imperial crown" of England was during the reign of Henry VIII in the Ecclesiastical Appeals Act 1532, which declared that "this realm of England
subluxating patella, as these are problems that appear in the related Rat Terrier. Ectopia lentis, a congenital condition, also affects this breed. Although not currently well-documented in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier, it is seen in small numbers and populations according to the Orthopedic Foundation for Animals, but is still seen in higher numbers in the Rat Terrier and other terrier breeds. Bishop, Joseph Bucklin, ed. Theodore Roosevelt's Letters to His Children. New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1919. Letters from 1898–1911.
substantially to set up the policy in the first place, and one will be able (with the help of a financial calculator) to calculate its real worth and decide whether it is worth taking on. Lloyd's, the world's reinsurance market, runs auctions of syndicate capacity for the underwriting. Private treaty sales – Occasionally, when looking at an auction catalog some of the items have been withdrawn. Usually, these goods have been sold by 'private treaty'. This means that the goods
substitutions permitted between sets. 2) (Noun) A group of four or more players who compete together in a teams event. For each deal, four team members are active at two tables. Player substitution occurs between matches or, in many longer matches, between sets of 6 to 20 deals. Most teams events permit four to six players on a team. Teammate A member of the same team. Commonly said of any teammate other than one's partner. Teams (Adjective) See team (1)
succeeded another as elected head of state. November 13 – Ramzi Yousef is found guilty of masterminding the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. November 17 – In Luxor, Egypt, 62 people are killed by 6 Islamic militants outside the Temple of Hatshepsut. November 19 – In Des Moines, Iowa, Bobbi McCaughey gives birth to septuplets in the second known case where all seven babies are born alive, and the first in which all survive infancy. November 27 – NASA's Tropical
such a way that a superior line of play will fail. Short club The natural opening bid of 1♣ when the suit contains three cards or less. Usually employed by players using the five-card majors treatment for opening bids when holding a hand with opening values but lacking a five-card major. When the hand contains two clubs and three diamonds, an opening diamond bid is preferred. Also, "short diamond." These bids may also be called "prepared minors" – "prepared club"
such as Australia, auctioning is a common method for the sale of real estate. Auctions were traditionally used as an alternative to the private sale/treaty method to sell property that, due to their unique characteristics, were difficult to determine a price for. The law does not require a vendor to disclose their reserve price prior to the auction. During the 1990s and 2000s, auctions became the primary method for the sale of real estate in the two largest cities, Melbourne
such as aces and kings, that are valuable either in declarer's hands or in defenders'. Transfer a control In squeeze play, to shift the responsibility of controlling, or guarding, a menace from one opponent to the other. This is usually accomplished by playing through one opponent in a way that forces him to cover the lead, leaving the other opponent with the remaining control. The purpose is to arrange that one opponent has to guard more menaces than he can
such as the Senkaku Islands, which it refers as the Diaoyu Islands, and the entirety of South China Sea Islands. The People's Republic of China is a communist state under the absolute leadership of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). The CCP is officially guided by socialism with Chinese characteristics, which it describes as Marxism adapted to Chinese circumstances. The Chinese constitution states that the PRC "is a socialist state governed by a people's democratic dictatorship that is led by the
suffering immense economic crises) affected greatly their relations. On the other hand, Pakistan is one of the few countries where Iranian influence is positively received as per polls conducted by the Pew Research Center. Polls have consistently shown that a very high proportion of Pakistanis view their western neighbour positively. Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Khamenei has also called for the sympathy, assistance, and inter-cooperation of all Muslim nations, including Pakistan. The regions that comprise today's Iran and Pakistan have
suit (or its absence in a notrump bid). The last bid in the bidding phase denotes the final contract. Short for contract bridge in contrast to auction bridge (auction) and other card games in the family. Control A feature of a hand which prevents the defenders from taking sufficient immediate tricks in a specific suit so as to set the contract or make the setting of the contract unavoidable. Aces are termed "first-round" controls and kings are termed "second-round" controls.
suit and shortness in another suit. Under this agreement, in 1♣ – 1♥; 3♠ the bid of 3♠ is a fragment bid, showing a fit for hearts and a singleton or void in diamonds. The suit of the fragment bid is often three cards long. Compare with Splinter bid. Freak, or freak hand A hand with a very long suit or suits. Most would regard a hand with two six card suits as a freak. Free bid A bid that
suit are minor suits. Declarer scores 20 points for each trick taken in an undoubled contract with a minor suit as trump. Because game requires at least 100 points for tricks bid and made, both 5♣ and 5♦ (or 3♣ doubled and 3♦ doubled) constitute game contracts. Contrast Major suits. Minor tenace The second-highest and the fourth-highest (or lower) remaining cards in a suit, held in the same hand. For example, the ♠KJ before spades have been played. See major
suit being spades, but in the beginning of the game, players bid or estimate how many tricks they can win, and the number of tricks bid by both players in a partnership are added. If a partnership takes at least that many tricks, they receive points for the round; otherwise, they lose penalty points. Bridge extends the concept of bidding into an auction, in which partnerships compete to win a contract, specifying both how many tricks they will need to
suit forcing (FSF, or 4SF) The initial use of a bid of the fourth suit as forcing to some level. An agreement that the partnership's bid of the fourth suit, in addition to its forcing nature, is possibly artificial. Fragment A holding of three or even two cards in a suit, thus not long enough to suggest as a trump suit. A partnership may treat the bid of a fragment as a means of implying shortness in another suit (see
suit in an otherwise weak hand, which is important information to share, and they also consume substantial bidding space which prevents a possibly strong opposing pair from exchanging information on their cards. Several systems include the use of opening bids or other early bids with weak hands including long (usually six to eight card) suits at the 2, 3 or even 4 or 5 levels as preempts. As a rule, a natural suit bid indicates a holding of at least
suit is likely to be useful, as will a strong suit. Three small cards is ideal. 2) Alternative term for a help suit game try. In some usage the "help suit game try" is barely distinguishable from the long, in some barely distinguishable from the weak. Weak two bid, weak two-bid, or Weak Two An opening bid of two of a suit to indicate a relatively weak hand with a long suit. Whist A trick-taking card game and predecessor to
suit might be called as such. Every call (including "pass", also sometimes called "no bid") serves two purposes. It confirms or passes some information to a partner, and, by implication, denies any other kind of hand which would have tended to support an alternative call. For example, a bid of 2NT immediately after partner's 1NT not only shows a balanced hand of a certain point range, but also almost always denies possession of a five-card major suit (otherwise the player
suit, a non-jump response by an unpassed hand at the two-level is forcing to game. Contrast One over one. Two-suiter A hand containing two long suits, usually each containing 4 or more cards, with at least 10 cards between the two suits. Two-way checkback An inquiry made after opener rebids 1NT. 2♣ is a puppet to 2♦ (forces a response of 2♦ by the 1NT rebidder) which says nothing about responder's strain. It is just a forcing bid to show
suit, whereas a safety play is the best line for the contract. Sandbag (Slang) To bid weakly or pass with good values, in the hope that the opponents will get overboard. Sandwich An overcall made after an opening bid and response by the opponents. The overcall is "sandwiched" between two hands that have each shown strength. Save (Slang) Sacrifice. SAYC Standard American Yellow Card, a particular bidding system or the completed ACBL convention card that represents it. Scientific A style
suit. A partnership may treat the bid of a fragment as a means of implying shortness in another suit (see fragment bid). A fragment may also be bid after the single raise of a major as a help suit game try. Fragment bid A second-round jump bid (usually a double jump) that by agreement shows a fit with partner's last-bid suit and shortness in another suit. Under this agreement, in 1♣ – 1♥; 3♠ the bid of 3♠ is a
suit. Trump echo An echo in the trump suit, long used to alert partner to the possibility of a defensive ruff, and in the early 21st century to give partner the count. Trump promotion The advancement of a trump to the status of a winner by creating a position in which an opponent must suffer an uppercut, or an immediate adverse overruff, or choose to ruff with a higher trump that makes a later winner of an opponent's trump by
sung, The Sacred Harp. This book exists today in various editions, discussed below. In shape-note music, notes are printed in special shapes that help the reader identify them on the musical scale. There are two prevalent systems, one using four shapes, and one using seven. In the four-shape system used in The Sacred Harp, each of the four shapes is connected to a particular syllable, fa, sol, la, or mi, and these syllables are employed in singing the notes, just
superfluous in a traditional context, but is important for a group starting up on its own. In recent years an annual summer camp has been established, at which newcomers can learn to sing Sacred Harp. There are now strong Sacred Harp singing communities in most major urban areas of the United States, and in many rural areas, as well. One of the first groups of singers formed outside the traditional Southern home region of Sacred Harp singing was in the
support, while an inquiry made with 2♦ shows four cards in opener's suit. Two-way finesse A finesse that could be taken through either opponent. Two-way Stayman Over an opening bid of 1NT, the use of 2♣ as non-forcing Stayman and 2♦ as a game-forcing major suit inquiry. UI Unauthorized information. Unauthorized information Information obtained from partner that one is not permitted to act on: for example, the manner in which partner plays a particular card, or the tone of voice
suppress Bangali rebellion and the Bengali nationalist movement. It was seen as the sequel to Operation Blitz, which had been launched in November 1970. The Pakistani government's view was that it had to launch a campaign to neutralise a rebellion in East Pakistan to save the unity of Pakistan. As a result of Operation Searchlight, agitation turned into full-scale civil war as Bengali members of the Pakistan Armed Forces and the police mutinied, forming the Mukti Bahini along with members
suspected of committing a robbery in an auto parts store on Manchester Avenue was fatally injured by his accomplice. The incident occurred when his accomplice accidentally discharged a shotgun round during a struggle with the Korean American owner of the shop. "This violence is deeply unsettling," stated store owner Park. "But sadly, who speaks up for these victims?" Legal scholar Alice H. Choi saw four "prominent factors" that led to the riots: "(a) racism; (b) tension among ethnic minorities; (c)
switched from his college number, 88 (which was already taken by teammate Freddie Solomon), to his now famous #80 (in honor of his idol, Steve Largent). Rice made his NFL debut in the 49ers' regular season opener against the Minnesota Vikings. He had four receptions for 67 yards in the 28–21 loss. Rice scored his first receiving touchdown against the Atlanta Falcons on a 25-yard reception from Joe Montana in Week 5. Rice had a breakout game with ten receptions
syncopated and chromatic, often with piano accompaniment – had become popular, along with a number of church hymns of the "mainstream" variety, such as "Rock of Ages". Seven-shape notation systems had appeared and won adherents away from the older four-shape system (see shape note for details). As time passed, Sacred Harp singers doubtless became aware that what they were singing had become quite distinct from contemporary tastes. The natural path to take—and the one ultimately taken—would be to assert the
synonym for the state under the Qing. The name Zhongguo is also translated as 'Middle Kingdom' in English. China is sometimes referred to as mainland China or "the Mainland" when distinguishing it from the Republic of China or the PRC's Special Administrative Regions. Archaeological evidence suggests that early hominids inhabited China 2.25 million years ago. The hominid fossils of Peking Man, a Homo erectus who used fire, have been dated to between 680,000 and 780,000 years ago. The fossilized teeth
synonym or close variant of the Muiderberg convention, a weak two-bid showing 5 cards in a major and at least four cards in another suit. Work count, or Work points The assignment of the numbers 4, 3, 2 and 1 as points to represent aces, kings, queens and jacks in the process of hand evaluation. Named for Milton Work. Working card A card that is useful to a partnership, given the mesh of the cards in the two hands. Wrongside
system, or Two clubs system A bidding system that uses an opening bid of 2♣ as an artificial game force. Two over one, Two-over-one, or 2-over-1 (2/1) a bidding sequence in which after a one-level opening bid, there is a non-jump response at the two-level. a bidding system based upon the concept that after a one-level opening bid in a suit, a non-jump response by an unpassed hand at the two-level is forcing to game. Contrast One over one. Two-suiter
system. The European System of Central Banks (ESCB) consists of the ECB and the national central banks (NCBs) of all 27 member states of the European Union. The ESCB is not the monetary authority of the eurozone, because not all EU member states have joined the euro. The ESCB's objective is price stability throughout the European Union. Secondarily, the ESCB's goal is to improve monetary and financial cooperation between the Eurosystem and member states outside the eurozone. The European Court
system; its main features are a weak one notrump opening with 12–14 high card points and several variations for 2-level openings. There are also a variety of advanced techniques used for hand evaluation. The most basic is the Milton Work point count, (the 4-3-2-1 system detailed above) but this is sometimes modified in various ways, or either augmented or replaced by other approaches such as losing trick count, honor point count, law of total tricks, or Zar Points. Common conventions
systemic treatment in strong pass systems. FG an abbreviation for forcing to game; see Game force Field All the players in a bridge event, as in "with the field" to refer to an action that most players will take, and "against the field" for an unusual action. Field a psych Deciding correctly that partner has psyched in the absence of a call that reveals the psych. Sometimes used when that decision is made on the basis of unauthorized information or
table and the audience seated in front of them. Initially, the first series involved these segments being filmed within a travelling tent that was set up in various countries, with audiences acquired from the local population at the site as part of an emphasis that the programme was on a "grand tour" around the world. However, Hammond's crash in Switzerland and Clarkson's pneumonia prior to the second series, led to the use of a travelling tent being dropped in favour
table are preserved and passed to the next table, thereby duplicating them for the other table(s) of players. At the end of a session, the scores for each deal are compared, and the most points are awarded to the players doing the best with each particular deal. This measures relative skill (but still with an element of luck) because each pair or team is being judged only on the ability to bid with, and play, the same cards as other
tactical game with inbuilt randomness, imperfect knowledge and restricted communication. The chance element is in the deal of the cards; in duplicate bridge some of the chance element is eliminated by comparing results of multiple pairs in identical situations. This is achievable when there are eight or more players, sitting at two or more tables, and the deals from each table are preserved and passed to the next table, thereby duplicating them for the other table(s) of players. At the
take a longer route around India and so they stopped at Bandaranaike Airport in Sri Lanka where they were refueled before flying to East Pakistan. As many Arab countries were allied with both the United States and Pakistan, it was easy for Kissinger to encourage them to participate. He sent letters to both, the king of Jordan and the king of Saudi Arabia. Nixon gave permission for Jordan to send ten F-104s and promised to provide replacements. According to author
take into account the specific nature of sport and its structures based on voluntary activity. This followed lobbying by governing organisations such as the International Olympic Committee and FIFA, due to objections over the application of free market principles to sport, which led to an increasing gap between rich and poor clubs. The EU does fund a programme for Israeli, Jordanian, Irish, and British football coaches, as part of the Football 4 Peace project. The flag of Europe consists of
take over the role of Harry Potter for the play's fourth year, starting in July. On 16 October 2023, it was announced that a North American tour of the play will begin in September 2024 in Chicago. The tour would mark the first time that the production has embarked on a tour. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child began its first North America tour in Chicago at the James M. Nederlander Theatre on 10 September 2024. Running until at least
taken by declarer beyond the number of tricks required by the contract. Pack Deck of cards. Pair Two players playing bridge together as partners. Also known as a Partnership. Pairs A form of duplicate bridge in which each pair competes separately, as distinct from team and individual events. Pairs events are normally scored by matchpoints. Palooka (Slang) Someone who plays bridge worse than others in their usual level of play Panama A defence to a Strong Club whereby two-level bids
taken by photojournalist Hyungwon Kang. After events in Koreatown, the 670th MP Company from National City, California were redeployed to reinforce police patrols guarding the Korean Cultural Center and the Consulate-General of South Korea in Los Angeles. Out of the $850 million worth of damage done in LA, half of it was on Korean-owned businesses. The LAPD and the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department (LASD) organized response began to come together by midday. The LAFD and Los Angeles County Fire
taken in the cultural area by the EU include the Culture 2000 seven-year programme, the European Cultural Month event, and orchestras such as the European Union Youth Orchestra. The European Capital of Culture programme selects one or more cities in every year to assist the cultural development of that city. Sport is mainly the responsibility of the member states or other international organisations, rather than of the EU. There are some EU policies that have affected sport, such as the
talk-show "talk show" taler "to hurt someone" ( < taler, taller "to bruise" < Gmc *talōn "to snatch", cf OHG zālōn "to tear, remove") taloche taloche "thump on the head" tamis "sieve" ( < LL *tamisium < Frk *tamisa < Gmc, cf MDu temse, teemse "sifter") tamiser tampon "plug" tamponner tan "tan" tanner tanneur tannerie tanin tangage (Naut.) "pitching" tanguer (Naut.) "to pitch" tangage tanière "lair" tanin "tannin" tanner "to tan" tannage tanneur tannerie tapage "uproar" tapageur tape "tap, slap"
talks in Tehran, as part of a Pakistani initiative to defuse rising tensions in the Gulf and mediate between regional foes, Iran and Saudi Arabia. On 22 April 2024, the then Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi paid a three-day trip to Pakistan to discuss regional and bilateral relations days after Iran and Israel carried out attacks against each other, risking the Gaza war to expand into a regional conflict. Raisi holds talks with top Pakistani leadership, including Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif,
targeting African American and Mexican American youths. The perception that police had targeted non-white citizens likely contributed to the anger that erupted in the 1992 riots. The Christopher Commission later concluded that a "significant number" of LAPD officers "repetitively use excessive force against the public and persistently ignore the written guidelines of the department regarding force". The biases related to race, gender, and sexual orientation were found to have regularly contributed to the LAPD's use of excessive force. The commission's
teams). The arms of Ireland are without supporters. However, historically, some depictions of the arms have been accompanied by various supporters. For example, during the late Tudor period, depictions of the arms appeared accompanied by a dragon and a lion, representing Wales and England. The Tudors were monarchs of England but of Welsh descent. In later centuries, following the union of the crowns of England and Scotland, depictions appeared accompanied by a lion and a unicorn, representing England and Scotland.
technology from Pakistan, but was rebuffed. Zia did not approve any further nuclear deals, but one of Pakistan's senior scientists did secretly hand over a sensitive report on centrifuges in 1987–89. In 2005, IAEA evidence showed that Pakistani cooperation with Iran's nuclear program was limited to "non-military spheres", and was peaceful. Tehran had offered as much as $5 billion for nuclear weapons technology in 1990, but had been firmly rejected. Centrifuge technology was transferred in 1989; since then, there have
temporary major 3 February 1944. He was briefly an acting lieutenant-colonel 15 August to 18 October 1945. He had attended a wartime staff course. During the partition of India, he opted for Pakistan and joined the newly created Pakistan Army, in 1947 he was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and became commanding officer of 6th battalion, Baluch Regiment, he commanded from April 1948 to November 1948. Later he was appointed commanding officer of 3rd battalion, Baluch Regiment, he served in this post
temporary-buyout auction the option to buy out the auction is not available after the first bid is placed. In a permanent-buyout auction the buyout option remains available throughout the entire auction until the close of bidding. The buyout price can either remain the same throughout the entire auction, or vary throughout according to rules or simply as decided by the seller. The winner selection in most auctions selects the best bid. Unique bid auctions offer a special winner selection: the
ten performers on stage. Linett explained: "For the studio version of Smile, Brian and the band eliminated some of the flourishes that were designed just for live performance and substantially reworked the instrumental arrangements." Most engineering for the album followed practices that were common during the 1960s, and tracks were recorded and sequenced in discrete sections the same as they would have been on the original Smile. The vocals were recorded using a Universal Audio tube mixing console identical to
ten receptions for 159 receiving yards in the 41–7 loss. Overall, in the 2003 season, Rice caught 63 passes for 869 yards; he didn't score a touchdown until the 12th game of the season, scoring only two through the whole year. Oakland as a team regressed from their 11–5 record in 2002 to a 4–12 record in 2003, leading to the firing of head coach Bill Callahan. That led Rice to be frustrated about his role with the team. By
tensions between Pakistan and India, although Pakistan recognised the independence of Bangladesh following severe pressure from the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation. The United States had been a major sponsor of Yahya's military government. American journalist Gary Bass notes in The Blood Telegram: Nixon, Kissinger, and a Forgotten Genocide, "Nixon liked very few people, but he did like General Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan." Personal initiatives of Yahya had helped to establish the communication channel between the United States and China, which
term length of his office. The Parker Center crowd grew riotous at approximately 9 p.m., eventually making their way through the Civic Center, attacking law enforcement, overturning vehicles, setting objects ablaze, vandalizing government buildings and blocking traffic on US Route 101 going through other nearby districts in downtown Los Angeles looting and burning stores. Nearby Los Angeles Fire Department (LAFD) firefighters were shot at while trying to put out a blaze set by looters. The mayor had requested the California
territories by income inequality List of lowest-income places in the United States List of lowest-income counties in the United States Thank God for Mississippi Total Number of People Living in Poverty based on Household Income (In Thousands), 2005. State Health Facts. December 14, 2007. Poverty Rate based on Household Income, 2005 . State Health Facts. December 14, 2007. Geographic Adjustments of Supplemental Poverty Measure Thresholds: Using the American Community Survey Five-Year Data on Housing Costs Accessed November 27, 2012. The
terror campaign against the Taliban in neighbouring Afghanistan. The subsequent U.S.-led coalition invasion would end the first Taliban regime. Though Iranian officials initially welcomed the invasion and deposition of the Taliban, they soon found themselves encircled by U.S. forces in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Central Asia, and the Persian Gulf. George W. Bush's inclusion of the Islamic Republic of Iran as part of an "axis of evil" (alongside Iraq and North Korea) also led some Iranian officials to presume that Tehran might
test in 1974, the US notified India that it had no "interest in actions designed to achieve new balance of power." In spite of the magnitude of the victory, India was surprisingly restrained in its reaction. Mostly, Indian leaders seemed pleased by the relative ease with which they had accomplished their goals—the establishment of Bangladesh and the prospect of an early return to their homeland of the 10 million Bengali refugees who were the cause of the war. In announcing
than $1 billion. Donations were given to help with food and medicine. The office of State Senator Diane E. Watson provided shovels and brooms to volunteers from all over the community who helped clean. Thirteen thousand police and military personnel were on patrol, protecting intact gas stations and food stores; they reopened along with other businesses areas such as the Universal Studios tour, dance halls, and bars. Many organizations stepped forward to rebuild Los Angeles; South Central's Operation Hope and
than a no-reserve auction as they are not required to accept a low bid, but this could result in a lower final price if less interest is generated in the sale. An all-pay auction is an auction in which all bidders must pay their bids regardless of whether they win. The highest bidder wins the item. All-pay auctions are primarily of academic interest, and may be used to model lobbying or bribery (bids are political contributions) or competitions such as
than for a vulnerable pair. Also, "non-vulnerable." Notrump, or no trump (NT) A contract, or a bid that names a contract without a trump suit. Notrump is the highest-ranking strain. WikiProject Contract bridge deprecates the two-word "no trump", however "notrump" is the usual spelling in the United Kingdom and in those European countries which have adopted this English term. Notrump distribution, no trump distribution, or NT distribution Balanced distribution. WikiProject Contract bridge deprecates the two-word "No Trump". NPC, or npc
than killing Delphi, they decide that she will be given a life sentence in Azkaban Prison. Voldemort appears, oblivious to Harry and the group; they bitterly allow the murder of Harry's parents to play out, unwilling to risk altering the future again. After returning to the present, Delphi is sent to Azkaban. Albus and Scorpius decide to be more active at Hogwarts, with Scorpius expressing interest in trying out for the Slytherin Quidditch Team. He also asks Rose to be
than the Denson Book. In some regions, the Cooper Book is the primary edition of the Sacred Harp used; elsewhere, some singers appreciate it as a secondary book that provides variety. Many Sacred Harp singers also sing from other tunebooks. Several of these have histories and communities of their own, and many continue to be edited and revised to fit the needs of contemporary participants. Many who sing from these tunebooks, however, are also familiar with the more prominent Sacred
that "Pakistan has been subjected to violence and force." The Iranian leadership repeatedly expressed its opposition to the dismemberment of Pakistan, fearing it would adversely affect the domestic stability and security of Iran by encouraging Kurdish and Baloch separatists to rise up against the Iranian government. In the same vein, Iran attempted to justify its supplying of arms to Pakistan on the grounds that, in its desperation, Pakistan might fall into the lap of the Chinese (a communist rival to
that "it taught me the meaning of hard work." The Rice family struggled financially, with Rice sometimes not having many pairs of clothing or having a "hearty meal on the table". Providing for his family, he and his brothers picked corn, cotton, carrots, and hay. Rice asserted that he was shy as a child and did not have many friends. Rice attended B. L. Moor High School in Oktoc, Mississippi. Although he played mock games of basketball and football, Rice
that "many of the viewers were disgruntled to say the least, branding the show as dull and not funny." Kevin Yeoman of Screen Rant gave the show a positive review, stating "Fans can rest assured Top Gear hasn't gone anywhere, it's just hiding out at Amazon under a different name." Sonia Saraiya of Variety was also positive of the show, stating "When it comes to the cars, The Grand Tour delivers gearhead porn in spades... Clarkson, Hammond, and May's love
that "the more I fought it, the more determined he was, so I gave it up." Rice played multiple positions in high school, including running back, defensive back and tight end, but the position he was most skilled at was wide receiver. During the offseason before his junior year, he trained for the team by running the several miles back to his home as he did not have a ride. Rice had a breakout junior season, primarily playing wide receiver
that 24-year-old American Cathy Cobblerson was selling her virginity on an auction website, and hoped to receive US$100,000 to pay off her debts. However, the Weekly World News was a largely fictional publication; the front-page headline in the same issue announced that Noah's Ark had been discovered in Iraq. The Cobblerson auction was subsequently mentioned in the Rosie Reid auction coverage by the News of the World later the same month. No proof that the Cobblerson auction was real has
that East started with the ♣K. Therefore, the superior percentage play is to take the club finesse, as described above. After many years of little progress, computer bridge made great progress at the end of the 20th century. In 1996, the ACBL initiated the official World Championships Computer Bridge, to be held annually along with a major bridge event. The first Computer Bridge Championship took place in 1997 at the North American Bridge Championships in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Strong bridge
that India was secretly supporting, infiltrating, and arming the Bengali rebels against the East Pakistani government. China was also critical of the Government of East Pakistan, led by its governor Lieutenant-General Tikka Khan, which used ruthless measures to deal with the Bengali opposition, and did not endorse the Pakistani position on that issue. When the war started, China reproached India for its direct involvement and infiltration in East Pakistan. It disagreed with Pakistani President Yahya Khan's consideration of military options,
that Mao and Zhou were communists influenced by Mao's adaption of Marxist Ideology and Lenin which manifested in Chinese foreign policy and political structures. The review considered Kissinger to be "disappointingly vague" in the final parts of the book where he attempts to answer a question on future of American–Chinese relations: Will China's rise as a superpower inevitably pave a way to conflict with the U.S.? The review contends that rather than providing a definitive answer on how to avoid
that are still in operation include Göteborgs Auktionsverk (1681), Dorotheum (1707), Uppsala auktionskammare (1731), Mallams (1788), Bonhams (1793), Phillips de Pury & Company (1796), Freeman's (1805) and Lyon & Turnbull (1826). By the end of the 18th century, auctions of art works were commonly held in taverns and coffeehouses. These auctions were held daily, and auction catalogs were printed to announce available items. In some cases, these catalogs were elaborate works of art themselves, containing considerable detail about the items
that had led to the Senate becoming "a sort of aristocratic body—too far removed from the people, beyond their reach, and with no special interest in their welfare". The settlement of the West and continuing absorption of hundreds of thousands of immigrants expanded the sense of "the people". Hoar replied that "the people" were both a less permanent and a less trusted body than state legislatures, and moving the responsibility for the election of senators to them would see it
that has a suit consisting only of low cards of no significance. For example, two dead spades. Deal One particular allocation of 52 cards to the four players including the bidding, the play of the cards and the scoring based on those cards. Also called board or hand. (Verb) To allocate the 52 cards to the four players or hands, 13 each. Dealer The player who makes the first call in the auction. In some versions of the game, this
that his performance was sure to be a fan favourite. The play was met with a polarised response from the Harry Potter fandom. Fans responded positively to the play and its characters, with Scorpius Malfoy being particularly popular. Some fans commented that the dialogue between the familiar characters was "spot on". Others have noted that the play sheds light on some of the relationships between the characters, such as Harry and Dumbledore's. The response had been particularly positive among fans
that in early Irish mythology the sovereignty of Ireland (Irish: Flaitheas Éireann) was represented by a woman often dressed in a blue robe. It is sometimes claimed that Ireland is the only nation whose national symbol is a musical instrument, but this is not strictly accurate: the kundu drum is the symbol of Papua New Guinea, the karyenda drum formerly appeared on the flag and arms of Burundi, and the arms of Trinidad and Tobago depict the steelpan. Today, the
that is a potential alternative trump suit. Anyway, it shows that a cover card is useful regardless of length, and other cards are likely to help. Golden fit A combined partnership holding of at least eight cards in a suit. In the UK, simply known as a fit. See also Moysian fit Good Said of a card or cards that have been established. Goren system, or Goren A bidding system dominant in the United States from the 1940s through the
that is not higher than the immediately preceding bid, and is therefore illegal. Insult (Slang) The bonus for making a doubled or redoubled contract is sometimes referred to as the "insult" or as being "for the insult". Insurance bid A bid, usually a sacrifice bid, intended to keep the opponents from playing their presumed or inferred optimum contract. The bidder hopes that insurance premium – the penalty due to the sacrifice bid – will be less than the damage from
that is used to put a different hand on lead, normally to avoid making a self-destructive lead in another suit. Expert Someone who plays bridge better than others in their usual level of play. Exposed card A card whose suit and rank become known through an irregularity. An exposed card may be subject to penalty. Extra values Values (in the form of High card points, shortage or cover cards), which are in addition to the values that a player has
that it be added to the end of Article I, Section 6, Clause 1 of the Constitution ("The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States"). This and Madison's other proposals were referred to a committee consisting of one representative from each state. After emerging from committee, the full House debated the issue and, on August 24, 1789, passed it and 16 other
that lawyers for Amazon were very mindful of any perceived similarities in segments to Top Gear, requiring changes to the format and regular segments. Named elements from Top Gear like The Star in a Reasonably Priced Car, the Cool Wall, and the Stig could not be used at all, but they also had to clear other legal concerns. For example, the lawyers said they could test cars on a test track, but they could not post the times using hand-written
that no additional explanation was necessary. As noted above, in the 1860s, there was a major congressional dispute over the issue, with the House and Senate voting to veto the appointment of John P. Stockton to the Senate due to his approval by a plurality of the New Jersey Legislature rather than a majority. In reaction, the Congress passed a bill in July 1866 that required state legislatures to elect senators by an absolute majority. By the 1890s, support for
that season. Brian Patrick Wilson was born on March 16, 1982, in Winchester, Massachusetts. While he was in second grade, he moved to Londonderry, New Hampshire. Today, he talks little of his childhood except to discuss his father, Mike Wilson, who was an Air Force veteran and a demanding perfectionist. During fall, he would have Brian bag leaves and bury them in the woods; and in winter, he would have Brian spend seven hours shoveling snow on weekends. Brian said
that she didn't want war with Pakistan, but he did not believe her. Witness accounts presented by Kissinger pointed out that Nixon made specific proposals to Prime Minister Gandhi on a solution for the crisis, some of which she heard for the first time, including a mutual withdrawal of troops from the Indo-East Pakistan borders. Nixon also expressed a wish to fix a time limit with Yahya for political accommodation in East Pakistan. Nixon asserted that India could count on
that shows a fit for partner's suit, usually distinguished from a direct raise by the length of the suit in responder's hand. Sure trick A trick that in the absence of some irregularity a player must win, such as the ace of trumps. Extended by George Coffin to refer to guaranteed lines of play. Surrogate signals A count or preference signal made in a different suit, usually the suit which declarer is running, to inform partner in beforehand about a
that suit held by declarer and dummy, subtract from seven and duck that many times. Rule of Three On a competitive part score deal, with the points roughly equal between your side and theirs, once the bidding has reached the 3-level, tend to defend rather than bid on (unless your side has 9 trumps). See also Law of Total Tricks Rule of Twenty A widely used guideline of the Standard American Yellow Card (SAYC) bidding system which states that a
that the BBC could raise if it competed against the celebrity format used in Top Gear. As such, the programme created a humorous segment for the first series entitled "Celebrity Brain Crash", which involved celebrities being "killed" in an accident while making their way to the presenter's tent - the segment was done for comedic effect, and either involved an actual celebrity who was filmed briefly for the segment before their death is staged outside the tent's location or with
that they had "hit the ground running with series 2 of the Grand Tour". Richard Hammond was criticised by Stonewall and Peter Tatchell for a comment he made in the sixth episode of the first series where he implied that men who eat ice cream and people who like grilling outside are homosexual. It was later revealed that the comment may have been an in-joke for the Finnish audience as a reference to a controversial TV commercial that aired in
that they put "Islam and Pakistan in danger." Towards the end of his life, during and following his imprisonment, Yahya gradually stopped drinking alcohol as he "became very religious." Yahya is said to have had a relationship with Akleem Akhtar, nicknamed General Rani, but they never married. His name was linked with the singer and actress Noor Jehan as well. He also had a brief relationship with a Bengali woman called Shamim K. Hussain, also known as Black Beauty. The
that they would lose the formal war in under a fortnight, and there was also unsettlement over what was perceived as a meek surrender of the army in East Pakistan. Yahya Khan's dictatorship collapsed and gave way to Bhutto, who took the opportunity to rise to power. General Niazi, who surrendered along with 93,000 troops, was viewed with suspicion and contempt upon his return to Pakistan. He was shunned and branded a traitor. The war also exposed the shortcomings of
that traditionally succeeded the Xia is the earliest for which there are both contemporary written records and undisputed archaeological evidence. The Shang ruled much of the Yellow River valley until the 11th century BCE, with the earliest hard evidence dated c. 1300 BCE. The oracle bone script, attested from c. 1250 BCE but generally assumed to be considerably older, represents the oldest known form of written Chinese, and is the direct ancestor of modern Chinese characters. The Shang were overthrown
that up to 269,000 civilians died as a result of the conflict; the authors note that this is far higher than a previous estimate of 58,000 put forward by Uppsala University and the Peace Research Institute in Oslo. General Yahya Khan arrested Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on charges of sedition and appointed Brigadier (later General) Rahimuddin Khan to preside over a special tribunal dealing with Mujib's case. Rahimuddin gave Mujib the death sentence, but President Yahya put the verdict into abeyance.
that uses composed deals, designed to test each pair's bidding and its card play. After the bidding, pairs are instructed to play (or defend) a specified contract. Results are compared not with other tables but with the predetermined par result. Par contract That contract which results from optimal bidding by both sides, and which neither side could improve by further bidding. Pard (Slang) Partner. Part score, or part-score 1) A trick score less than 100, obtained by making a contract.
that were released over three years. The show initially followed a format similar to Top Gear, including car reviews and timed laps, motoring challenges and races, studio segments, and celebrity guests, with the team using a studio within a large tent during this time; in its first series, the tent was located at different locations across the globe before taking a fixed site within the Cotswolds. Segments and road trip specials have been filmed in various locations worldwide, including across
that would have featured the Honeys as backing vocalists. After a disastrous Australian tour in 1978, Wilson regressed and began secretly acquiring cocaine and barbiturates. In mid-1978, following an overdose, he hitchhiked in West Hollywood, eventually arriving at a gay bar where he played piano for drinks. A bar patron then drove him to Mexico, after which he hitchhiked to San Diego. Days later, police found him in Balboa Park without shoes, money, or a wallet, and he was taken
the 1860s was frustrated by a series of military defeats in the 1880s and 1890s. In the 19th century, the great Chinese diaspora began. Losses due to emigration were added to by conflicts and catastrophes such as the Northern Chinese Famine of 1876–1879, in which between 9 and 13 million people died. The Guangxu Emperor drafted a reform plan in 1898 to establish a modern constitutional monarchy, but these plans were thwarted by the Empress Dowager Cixi. The ill-fated anti-foreign
the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War, India was once again behind the unrest and uprising of rebels in the Balochistan region. However, the Indian government denied any involvement, and claimed that it was fearful of further balkanisation of the subcontinent. After three years of fighting the uprising was majorly suppressed. In addition to military aid, the Shah of Iran offered considerable developmental aid to Pakistan, including oil and gas on preferential terms. Pakistan was a developing country and small power while
the 1980s on, stated, "He certainly wasn't the first person to do edits, but it was unusual to record a song in four or five sections, and then cut it together." Like Spector, Wilson preferred mono mixdowns. According to Wilson, after his first nervous breakdown in 1964, he had endeavored to "take the things I learned from Phil Spector" and maximize his instrumental palette. He later cited "California Girls" as his first full application of Spector's "studio as an instrument"
the 1980s progressed. Democrat Maxine Waters, the African American Congressional representative of South Central Los Angeles, said that the events in Los Angeles constituted a "rebellion" or "insurrection," caused by the underlying reality of poverty and despair existing in the inner city. This state of affairs, she asserted, was brought about by a government that had all but abandoned the poor and failed to help compensate for the loss of local jobs and the institutional discrimination encountered by racial minorities,
the 20th anniversary of the release of Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope, are released. The Fifth Element is released, becoming a global box office success. It will go on to become the top-grossing French film of all time, a record it will hold for 14 years until the release of The Intouchables in 2011. Titanic becomes the first film to gross US$1 billion at the box office, making it the highest-grossing film in history until Avatar broke
the 42nd Eurovision Song Contest, held in Dublin's Point Theatre, the UK win with "Love Shine a Light", sung by Katrina and the Waves. The Notorious B.I.G.'s single "Hypnotize" is #1 for three weeks. May 6 – The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony is held in Cleveland at the site of the hall itself for the first time. Prior to this year, the ceremony had only been held in New York City. May 11 – The Spice
the 442nd Infantry Regiment during World War II in Europe, where he received the Medal of Honor. Through Mr. Miyagi's teaching, Daniel learns not only karate but also important life lessons such as the importance of personal balance, reflected in the principle that martial arts training is as much about training the spirit as the body. Daniel applies the life lessons Miyagi has taught him to strengthen his relationship with Ali. On Daniel's 18th birthday, Miyagi gives Daniel a Karate
the 49ers won 41–13. In the NFC Championship against the Los Angeles Rams, he had six receptions for 55 yards in the 30–3 victory. Rice finished Super Bowl XXIV with seven receptions for 148 yards and three touchdowns in the 49ers 55–10 blowout victory against the Denver Broncos. In the 1990 season, Rice started all 16 games. In Week 3, against the Atlanta Falcons, he had eight receptions for 171 yards and a touchdown in the 19–13 victory. For his
the 57 Mountain division were tasked with crossing the Meghna river through the Coronation bridge between the town of Ashuganj and Bairab Bazaar. Ashuganj was heavy defended by the Pakistani forces and the following battle resulted in heavy casualties on both sides. The Pakistani 14 Division ordered the destruction of the bridge, allowing for the Pakistani troops to ferry across the Meghna rivier and strengthen the defense of Bhairab Bazaar. The Indian forces were able to cross the Meghna river
the Afghan Mujahideen in waging war against the Soviet invaders. After the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan and subsequent victory for the Afghan mujahideen, the rivalry between Iran and Pakistan intensified as the mujahideen broke up into multiple factions, no longer needing a union against foreign invaders. After 1989, Iran and Pakistan's policies in Afghanistan became ever more divergent as Pakistan, under Benazir Bhutto, explicitly supported Taliban forces in Afghanistan during the civil wars that erupted after the Soviet-Afghan War ended.
the American Community Survey done by the U.S. Census Bureau. The American Community Survey is a large demographic survey collected throughout the year using mailed questionnaires, telephone interviews, and visits from Census Bureau field representatives to about 3.5 million household addresses annually, regardless of their legal immigration status. Overall, out of Americans for whom the Census Bureau was able to determine poverty status, 40.8 million lived below the poverty line in 2023 (or 12.5% of the total population). See the
the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) publishes the Laws of Duplicate Bridge and additional documentation for club and tournament directors. There are no universally accepted rules for rubber bridge, but some zonal organisations have published their own. An example for those wishing to abide by a published standard is The Laws of Rubber Bridge as published by the American Contract Bridge League. The majority of rules mirror those of duplicate bridge in the bidding and play and differ primarily in
the Atlanta Falcons, he had seven receptions for 138 yards and one touchdown in the 39–34 loss. Rice recorded 80 receptions for 1,206 yards and led the league in receiving touchdowns with 14 in the 1991 season, and was again selected to the Pro Bowl. He suffered a torn posterior cruciate ligament (PCL) against the Vikings, but the injury did not cost him any games. San Francisco managed to win their final six games to finish with a 10–6 record
the Beach Boys' single "Good Vibrations", which topped the U.S. charts in December, and began collaborating with session musician Van Dyke Parks on Smile, the planned follow-up to Pet Sounds. Wilson touted Smile as a "teenage symphony to God" and his expanding circle increasingly influenced his business and creative affairs. Parks said that, eventually, "it wasn't just Brian and me in a room; it was Brian and me ... and all kinds of self-interested people pulling him in various directions."
the Bengalis' right to govern themselves. The 1970 Pakistani general election, resulted in Awami League gaining 167 out of 169 seats for the East Pakistan Legislative Assembly, and a near-absolute majority in the 313-seat National Assembly, while the vote in West Pakistan was mostly won by the socialist Pakistan Peoples Party. The League's election success caused many West Pakistanis to fear that it would allow the Bengalis to draft the constitution based on the Six Points and liberalism. To resolve
the COVID-19 pandemic. Performances resumed on 14 October 2021, continuing as the original two-part production. The production will conclude its original two-part production on 20 September 2026 and will reopen in a one-part production (in line with other productions around the world) on 6 October 2026. On 4 May 2017, it was announced that Harry Potter and the Cursed Child would premiere on Broadway at the Lyric Theatre. In preparation for the play, the Lyric Theatre underwent extensive renovations after
the Central Military Commission, making him China's paramount leader and supreme commander of the armed forces. The premier is the head of government, with Li Qiang being the incumbent. The premier is officially nominated by the president and then elected by the NPC, and has generally been either the second- or third-ranking member of the Politburo Standing Committee (PSC). The premier presides over the State Council, China's cabinet, composed of four vice premiers, state councillors, and the heads of ministries
the Constitutional Convention, that the Founding Fathers debated the question of Presidential disability. John Dickinson of Delaware asked this question: "What is the extent of the term 'disability' and who is to be the judge of it?" No one replied. It is hard to believe that until last week our Constitution provided no clear answer. Now, at last, the 25th amendment clarifies the crucial clause that provides for succession to the Presidency and for filling a Vice Presidential vacancy. On
the Customs Code; the tariff classification of goods under the Combined Nomenclature; compensation and assistance to passengers in the event of denied boarding or delay or cancellation of transport services; the scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading. The European Central Bank (ECB) is one of the institutions of the monetary branch of the European Union, the prime component of the Eurosystem and the European System of Central Banks. It is one of the world's most important central banks. The
the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and his younger son, Albus Severus Potter. The play is divided into two parts, consisting of two acts each. In the opening scene, set during the epilogue of Deathly Hallows in the year 2017, Harry and Ginny Potter send their younger son, Albus Severus Potter, on the Hogwarts Express to begin his first year at Hogwarts. Harry works as the Head of Magical Law Enforcement at the Ministry of Magic, while Ginny is the
the Dodgers designated him for assignment on December 16 and released him on December 19, making him a free agent. Wilson did not pitch in the major leagues in 2015 or 2016 but announced in early 2017 that he would be attempting a comeback as a knuckleball pitcher. However, he did not sign with another team. Wilson was a power pitcher. He had a repertoire of four pitches. He threw a straight four-seam fastball around 92-95 mph; this was one
the EU following the method of enhanced cooperation. The European Public Prosecutor's Office investigate and prosecute fraud against the budget of the European Union and other crimes against the EU's financial interests including fraud concerning EU funds of over €10,000 and cross-border VAT fraud cases involving damages above €10 million. Constitutionally, the EU bears some resemblance to both a confederation and a federation, but has not formally defined itself as either. (It does not have a formal constitution: its status
the EU to accede to the convention while the latter formally permits it. The EU is independent from the Council of Europe, although they share purpose and ideas, especially on the rule of law, human rights and democracy. Furthermore, the European Convention on Human Rights and European Social Charter, as well as the source of law for the Charter of Fundamental Rights are created by the Council of Europe. The EU has also promoted human rights issues in the wider
the Eastern Command of the Pakistan military signed the instrument of surrender on 16 December 1971 in Dhaka, marking the formation of East Pakistan as the new nation of Bangladesh. Approximately 93,000 Pakistani servicemen were taken prisoner by the Indian Army, which included 79,676 to 81,000 uniformed personnel of the Pakistan Armed Forces, including some Bengali soldiers who had remained loyal to Pakistan. The remaining 10,324 to 12,500 prisoners were civilians, either family members of the military personnel or collaborators
the Emperor of the Qin dynasty, becoming the first emperor of a unified China. He enacted legalist reforms, notably the standardization of Chinese characters, measurements, road widths, and currency. His dynasty also conquered the Yue tribes in Guangxi, Guangdong, and Northern Vietnam. The Qin dynasty lasted only fifteen years, falling soon after the Qin Shi Huang's death. Following widespread revolts during which the imperial library was burned, the Han dynasty emerged to rule China between 206 BCE and 220 CE,
the Encyclopædia Britannica, to 9,596,961 km2 (3,705,407 sq mi) according to the UN Demographic Yearbook, and The World Factbook. China has the longest combined land border in the world, measuring 22,117 km (13,743 mi) and its coastline covers approximately 14,500 km (9,000 mi) from the mouth of the Yalu River (Amnok River) to the Gulf of Tonkin. China borders 14 nations and covers the bulk of East Asia, bordering Vietnam, Laos, and Myanmar in Southeast Asia; India, Bhutan, Nepal, Pakistan
the English crown, had separate arms. A commission of Edward IV in c. 1467–8 into the arms of Ireland found them to be blazoned Azure, three crowns in pale Or, bordure Argent (three golden crowns ordered vertically on a blue background with a white border). The association of these arms with Ireland is likely to have originated with Irish magnates (both Norman and Gaelic) who fought in Edward I's Scottish wars at the turn of the 14th century. These were
the European Convention on Human Rights in 1950. Essential for the actual birth of the institutions of the EU was the Schuman Declaration on 9 May 1950 (the day after the fifth Victory in Europe Day) and the decision by six nations (France, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, West Germany, and Italy) to follow Schuman and draft the Treaty of Paris. This treaty was created in 1952 the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC), which was built on the International Authority for
the European Council in Copenhagen. These require a stable democracy that respects human rights and the rule of law; a functioning market economy; and the acceptance of the obligations of membership, including EU law. Evaluation of a country's fulfilment of the criteria is the responsibility of the European Council. The four countries forming the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) are not EU members, but have partly committed to the EU's economy and regulations: Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, which are a
the Eurosystem and the European System of Central Banks. It is one of the world's most important central banks. The ECB Governing Council makes monetary policy for the eurozone and the European Union, administers the foreign exchange reserves of EU member states, engages in foreign exchange operations, and defines the intermediate monetary objectives and key interest rate of the EU. The ECB Executive Board enforces the policies and decisions of the Governing Council, and may direct the national central banks
the Fighting Dragon students bow to Han out of respect for him as a real kung fu master, leaving Li outraged and defeated. Jackie Chan as Mr. Han (韩先生; 韓先生; Hán-xiānsheng), a Chinese maintenance man and kung fu master who becomes Dre's kung fu master. Based on Mr. Miyagi. Jaden Smith as Dre Parker (德瑞∙帕克; Déruì Pàkè). Based on Daniel LaRusso. Taraji P. Henson as Sherry Parker (雪莉∙帕克; Xuělì Pàkè), Dre's mother. Based on Lucille LaRusso. Wenwen Han (韩雯雯) as
the Giants leading 3–2. He got Carlos Ruiz to line into a double play. He then pitched the ninth inning, striking out Ryan Howard with two runners on base, clinching the series for the Giants. He joined Dennis Eckersley, Mitch Williams, and John Wetteland as the only pitchers since 1969 to win or save four games in a postseason series. (In 2014 Greg Holland of Kansas City matched this feat.) The Giants faced the Texas Rangers in the World Series.
the Giants optioned him to the minors to start the season. After building a 1–2 record, 2.10 ERA, 37 strikeouts, 24 walks, 11 saves, and 34+1⁄3 innings pitched in 31 games with Fresno, Wilson was called up on August 11 when Jonathan Sánchez was demoted. He was initially used as the setup man for closer Brad Hennessey, but he took over as closer on September 11 when Hennessey lost the role due to ineffectiveness. He went on to pitch in
the Giants' chances of reaching the playoffs. In 68 games, Wilson had a 5–6 record, a 2.74 ERA, 83 strikeouts, and 27 walks in 72+1⁄3 innings pitched. He blew seven saves, but his 38 saves tied for third in the NL with Ryan Franklin's total behind Heath Bell's 42 and Francisco Cordero's 39. He led the league in saves requiring four outs or more, with eight. In 2010 spring training, Wilson was asked whether or not he thought himself one
the Global carbon market coalition. According to some calculations, a global carbon market can speed up emission reduction seven-fold. The gross domestic product (GDP), a measure of economic activity, of EU member states was US$16.64 trillion in 2022, around 16.6 per cent of the world GDP. There is a significant variation in GDP per capita between and within individual EU states. The difference between the richest and poorest regions (281 NUTS-2 regions of the Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics)
the Great Wall of China, and the Wudang Mountains. On some occasions, the filmmakers had to negotiate with residents who were not accustomed to filming activity. The film began filming in July 2009 and ended on October 16, 2009. Icelandic composer Atli Örvarsson was originally hired to score the film, but he was replaced by American composer James Horner. The Karate Kid marked Horner's return to scoring after his work on the 2009 film Avatar. The score was released on
the Havanese, this breed has very low allergic effects. Matted hair is common for this breed and should be removed through daily brushing and combing. Grooming the Coton de Tuléar can be quite a challenge. The Coton de Tuléar comes in three accepted colors: white (sometimes with tan markings; all white is preferred by show breeders); black and white; and tricolor. However, the tan and white may become all white, the blacks will often fade to grey or white, and
the House and the Senate is stricter than the Constitution's requirement for impeachment and removal of the president for "high crimes and misdemeanors"—a majority of the House followed by two-thirds of the Senate. In addition, an impeached president retains his authority unless and until the Senate votes to remove him or her at the end of an impeachment trial; in contrast, should Congress be called upon to decide the question of the president's ability or inability under Section 4, presidential
the Indian Army encircled Dacca and issued an ultimatum to surrender in "30-minutes" time window on 16 December 1971. Upon hearing the ultimatum, the East-Pakistan government collapsed when the Lt-Gen. A.A.K. Niazi (Cdr. of Eastern Command) and his deputy, V-Adm. M.S. Khan, surrendered without offering any resistance. On 16 December 1971, Pakistan ultimately called for unilateral ceasefire and surrendered its entire four-tier military to the Indian Army – hence ending the Indo-Pakistani war of 1971. According to CIA estimates, more
the Indo-Pak war of 1965, Khan was promoted to lieutenant general and served as the commander of I Corps, Pakistan's primary strike formation and a strategically important garrison town near the Indian border. Then based in Kharian (it is currently based in Mangla) his appointment as corps commander placed him in charge of key military operations and enhanced his prominence in the army hierarchy. Khan was a close and trusted ally of General Yahya Khan, with their friendship tracing back
the Indo-Soviet treaty did not mean a total commitment to the Indian stance, according to author Robert Jackson. The Soviet Union continued economic aid to Pakistan and made sympathetic gestures to Pakistan until mid-October 1971. By November 1971, the Soviet ambassador to Pakistan Alexei Rodionov directed a secretive message (Rodionov message) that ultimately warned Pakistan that "it will be embarking on a suicidal course if it escalates tensions in the subcontinent". The United States stood with Pakistan by supporting it
the Jew's harp in Austrian folk music. In the experimental period at the end of the 18th and beginning of the 19th century there were very virtuoso instrumentalists on the mouth harp. Thus, for example, Johann Heinrich Scheibler was able to mount up to ten mouth harps on a support disc. He called the instrument "Aura". Each mouth harp was tuned to different basic tones, which made even chromatic sequences possible. Well-known performer Franz Koch (1761–1831), discovered by Frederick the
the Lifelong Learning Programme 2007–2013. These programmes are designed to encourage a wider knowledge of other countries and to spread good practices in the education and training fields across the EU. Through its support of the Bologna Process, the EU is supporting comparable standards and compatible degrees across Europe. Scientific development is facilitated through the EU's Framework Programmes, the first of which started in 1984. The aims of EU policy in this area are to co-ordinate and stimulate research. The
the Manchester Test of 1956, England spin bowler Jim Laker took 19 wickets for 90 runs (19–90) which set not only the Test record for best match figures but also the first-class one. In taking 10–53 in the second innings he became the first bowler to capture ten wickets in a Test match innings, and his analysis remains the best innings figures. Indian leg spinner Anil Kumble was the second bowler to take 10 wickets in an innings, claiming 10–74
the Meghna rivier and strengthen the defense of Bhairab Bazaar. The Indian forces were able to cross the Meghna river with the help of local fishing boats and 14 Mil Mi-4 helicopters. By 12 December, the Indian forces had secured the crossing points on the Meghna and had located several battalions across the river. Indian units had also come within artillery range of Dacca. On 11 December, the 2nd Para regiment battalion carried out the Tangail Airdrop and engaged with
the Ministry of Magic. With the help and sacrifice of alternative versions of Ron, Hermione, and Severus Snape, Scorpius uses the Time-Turner to prevent his and Albus's past actions and restore the original timeline. Scorpius reunites with Albus, and the two are found by their parents, along with Ron and Hermione. Harry scolds Albus, but the two begin to reconcile. Realizing the danger the Time-Turner poses, Scorpius and Albus attempt to destroy it, when they are joined by Delphi. Scorpius
the Modified Brussels Treaty transformed the Western Union into the Western European Union (WEU). West Germany eventually joined both the WEU and NATO in 1955, prompting the Soviet Union to form the Warsaw Pact in 1955 as an institutional framework for its military domination in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe. Assessing the progress of European integration the Messina Conference was held in 1955, ordering the Spaak report, which in 1956 recommended the next significant steps of European integration.
the NFLs MVP by the Newspaper Enterprise Association. In 1987, the touchdown runner-up was receiver Mike Quick with 11, marking the first time in post-NFL–AFL merger history that a category leader doubled the total of his nearest competitor and the second time in the history of the NFL from its inception; the first being Don Hutson in 1942. The 49ers finished the season 13–2,the best record in the NFL, but lost in the Divisional Playoffs to the Minnesota Vikings 36–24,
the National Committee of the CPPCC is chaired by Wang Huning, the fourth-ranking member of the PSC. The governance of China is characterized by a high degree of political centralization but significant economic decentralization. Policy instruments or processes are often tested locally before being applied more widely, resulting in a policy that involves experimentation and feedback. Generally, central government leadership refrains from drafting specific policies, instead using the informal networks and site visits to affirm or suggest changes to the
the Neolithic site of Shimao, an important political and religious center during the Longshan culture. The earliest depiction of somebody playing what seems to be a Jew's harp is a Chinese drawing from the 3rd century BCE. Archaeological finds of surviving examples in Europe have been claimed to be almost as old, but those dates have been challenged both on the grounds of excavation techniques, and the lack of contemporary writing or pictures mentioning the instrument. Although this instrument is
the Northern Expedition. The Kuomintang moved the nation's capital to Nanjing and implemented "political tutelage", an intermediate stage of political development outlined in Sun Yat-sen's Three Principles of the People program for transforming China into a modern democratic state. The Kuomintang briefly allied with the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) during the Northern Expedition, though the alliance broke down in 1927 after Chiang violently suppressed the CCP and other leftists in Shanghai, marking the beginning of the Chinese Civil War. CCP
the PC version's superior score. In its debut month, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was the highest selling PlayStation game and 6th best-selling home and handheld console game in the United States. On the following month, it remained on the best selling home and handheld console game list as the best selling PlayStation game. It was the country's 15th best-selling home and handheld console game of 2001 as well as the fourth best-selling PlayStation game, having sold 761,263 copies
the Pakistan Army. The political tensions in East Pakistan had its origin in the creation of Pakistan as a result of the partition of India by the United Kingdom in 1947; the popular language movement in 1950; mass riots in East Bengal in 1964; and the mass protests in 1969. These led to the resignation of President Ayub Khan, who invited army chief General Yahya Khan to take over the central government. The geographical distance between the eastern and western
the Pakistani military brass in a postwar judicial inquiry. Young men, especially students, who were seen as possible rebels and recruiters were also targeted by the stationed military, but the extent of casualties in East Pakistan is not known, and the issue is itself controversial and contradictory among the authors who wrote books on the pogrom; the Pakistani government denied the charges of involvement in 2015. R.J. Rummel cites estimates ranging from one to three million people killed. Other estimates
the Paris Agreement, which, according to Climate Action Tracker, would lower the expected rise in global temperature by 0.2–0.3 degrees – "the biggest single reduction ever estimated by the Climate Action Tracker". According to China's government, the forest coverage of the country grew from 10% of the overall territory in 1949 to 25% in 2024. China is the world's leading investor in renewable energy and its commercialization, with $546 billion invested in 2022; it the world's leading manufacturer and innovator
the People publication, having the declared intention "to unite the productive classes of the community in one common bond of union." In 1834, the Welsh socialist Robert Owen established the Grand National Consolidated Trades Union. The organization attracted a range of socialists from Owenites to revolutionaries and played a part in the protests after the Tolpuddle Martyrs' case, but soon collapsed. More permanent trade unions were established from the 1850s, better resourced but often less radical. The London Trades Council
the President from discharging his powers and duties". A survey of scholarship on the amendment found no specific threshold—medical or otherwise—for the "inability" contemplated in Section 4. The framers specifically rejected any definition of the term, prioritizing flexibility. Those implementing Section 4 should focus on whether—in an objective sense taking all of the circumstances into account—the President is "unable to discharge the powers and duties" of the office. The amendment does not require that any particular type or amount of
the Prince of Wales, who uses a plain white three-pointed label. Since 1911, the arms of the Prince of Wales also displays an inescutcheon of the ancient arms of the Principality of Wales. Queens consort and the wives of sons of the monarch also have their own personal coat of arms. Typically this will be the arms of their husband impaled with their own personal arms or those of their father, if armigerous. However, the consorts of a queen regnant
the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. The 49ers won the NFC West with a 10–6 record. Rice had five receptions for 61 yards and three touchdowns, scoring all three in the first half of the 49ers' 34–9 win against the Vikings during the Divisional Round. In the 49ers' 28–3 win over the Chicago Bears in the NFC Championship, he had five receptions for 133 yards and two touchdowns. In Super Bowl XXIII, Rice had an 11 reception, 215-yard performance
the Queen, and the season covers the Suez Crisis in 1956, the retirement of the Queen's third Prime Minister Harold Macmillan in 1963, following the Profumo affair political scandal, and the births of the Queen's two youngest sons – Prince Andrew in 1960 and Prince Edward in 1964. The season also portrays John F. Kennedy, Jackie Kennedy and Lord Altrincham. Claire Foy as Queen Elizabeth II Matt Smith as Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, Elizabeth's husband Vanessa Kirby as Princess
the Rat Terriers was a black-and-tan, mixed-breed, feist-type dog owned by the Roosevelts. In one of his letters to his children, President Roosevelt writes, "There is a very cunning little dog named Skip, belonging to John Goff's pack, who has completely adopted me. I think I shall take him home to Archie. He likes to ride on Dr. Lambert's horse, or mine, and though he is not as big as Jack, takes eager part in the fight with every bear
the ReArm program, a strategic breakthrough aimed at mobilising local industrial capabilities and bolstering European equipment production, involves a financial investment of €800 billion to support the development and procurement, simultaneously enhancing the continent's overall military readiness and self-sufficiency. Twenty-three EU members are members of NATO while the remaining member states follow policies of neutrality. The Western European Union, a military alliance with a mutual defence clause, closed in 2011 as its role had been transferred to the EU. Following
the Republicans' 30. The reputation of corrupt and arbitrary state legislatures continued to decline as the Senate joined the House of Representatives in implementing popular reforms. Bybee has argued that the amendment led to complete "ignominy" for state legislatures without the buttress of a state-based check on Congress. In the decades following the Seventeenth Amendment, the federal government was enabled to enact progressive measures. However, Schleiches argues that the separation of state legislatures and the Senate had a beneficial effect
the Rodney King verdicts were reached, Los Angeles Police Chief Daryl Gates set aside $1 million for possible police overtime. Even so, on the last day of the trial, two-thirds of the LAPD's patrol captains were out of town in Ventura, California, on the first day of a three-day training seminar. At 1 p.m. on April 29, Judge Stanley Weisberg announced that the jury had reached its verdict, which would be read in two hours' time. This was done to
the Schengen Area and the associated cross-border crime. The EU's member states cover an area of 4,233,262 square kilometres (1,634,472 sq mi), and therefore a large part of the European continent. The EU's highest peak is Mont Blanc in the Graian Alps, 4,810.45 metres (15,782 ft) above sea level. The lowest points in the EU are Lammefjorden, Denmark, and Zuidplaspolder, Netherlands, at 7 m (23 ft) below sea level. The landscape, climate, and economy of the EU are influenced by
the Scottish Arts Council, which enabled her to plan the sequels. Bloomsbury accepted the book, paying Rowling a £2,500 advance and Cunningham sent proof copies to carefully chosen authors, critics and booksellers in order to obtain comments that could be quoted when the book was launched. He was less concerned about the book's length than about its author's name, since the title sounded like a boys' book to him and he believed boys preferred books by male authors. Rowling therefore
the Scottish Parliament less than two years later. September 15 – The Norwegian parliamentary election is held in Norway. September 18 Al-Qaeda carries out a terrorist attack in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Wales votes in favour of devolution and the formation of a National Assembly for Wales. September 20 – 53 people are killed in the Guelb El-Kebir massacre in Algeria. September 21 The Islamic Salvation Army, the Islamic Salvation Fronts' armed wing, declares a unilateral ceasefire in Algeria. St.
the Senate following the Seventeenth Amendment being adopted were: In Maryland on November 4, 1913: a class 1 special election due to a vacancy, for a term ending in 1917. In Alabama on May 11, 1914: a class 3 special election due to a vacancy, for a term ending in 1915. Nationwide in 1914: All 32 class 3 senators, term 1915–1921 Nationwide in 1916: All 32 class 1 senators, term 1917–1923 Nationwide in 1918: All 32 class 2 senators, term
the Trinity College Harp, was used as a model. Several variants of the arms of Ireland exist, including a heraldic badge and an infrequently used crest and torse. The Lordship of Ireland, the medieval realm of Ireland that existed between 1171 and 1541 under the English crown, had a separate arms, which are blazoned Azure, three crowns in pale Or, bordure Argent (three golden crowns ordered vertically on a blue background with a white border). A variant of the arms
the UK's best-selling title in December 2001. A Braille edition was published in May 1998 by the Scottish Braille Press. Platform 9+3⁄4, from which the Hogwarts Express left London, was commemorated in the real-life King's Cross railway station with a sign and a trolley apparently passing through the wall. Scholastic Corporation bought the US rights at the Bologna Book Fair in April 1997 for US$105,000, an unusually high sum for a children's book. Scholastic's Arthur Levine thought that "philosopher" sounded
the Under 18 All-Valley Karate Championships, thereby compete against Kreese's students on equal terms, and requests that the bullying cease while he trains. Kreese agrees to the terms but warns that if Daniel does not show up for the tournament, the harassment will continue for both of them. Daniel's training starts with days of menial chores that seemingly only serve to provide free labor for Miyagi. When he becomes frustrated, Miyagi demonstrates that repetition of these chores has helped Daniel
the United Kingdom and the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. This is because the remit of the former includes the four nations of the UK, and the latter is the final court of appeal for three independent republics and the independent sultanate of Brunei, which do not recognise the judicial authority of the British monarch as their head of state, as well as for various British territories and sovereign bases, the Crown dependencies, and other independent Commonwealth realms where
the United Kingdom which also appear on the cover of acts of the Northern Ireland Assembly. The Northern Ireland Assembly adopted an official emblem in 1998 which depicts six blue flax flowers. The six flowers represent the six historic counties that make up Northern Ireland and the region's history of linen making. The colour is similar to the seats in the assembly chamber at Parliament Buildings, Stormont. This emblem is based on a design created by Leslie Durbin that featured
the United States, collective bargaining is most commonly undertaken by unions directly with employers, whereas in Austria, Denmark, Germany or Sweden, unions most often negotiate with employers associations, a form of sectoral bargaining. Concerning labour market regulation in the EU, Gold (1993) and Hall (1994) have identified three distinct systems of labour market regulation, which also influence the role that unions play: "In the Continental European System of labour market regulation, the government plays an important role as there is
the United States, the outsourcing of labour to Asia, Latin America, and Africa has been partially driven by increasing costs of union partnership, which gives other countries a comparative advantage in labour, making it more efficient to perform labour-intensive work there. Trade unions have been accused of benefiting insider workers and those with secure jobs at the cost of outsider workers, consumers of the goods or services produced, and the shareholders of the unionized business. Economist Milton Friedman sought to
the University of Texas at Austin Department of Government, became interested in Watson's story and began to document its origins. He tracked down Sharon Waite, who had left academia in the 1980s to work on her family's citrus farm. Elkins suggested to Waite that they change Watson's grade. In 2017, Elkins submitted a grade change form with Waite's signature and a grade change to A+. In an interview, Waite said, "Goodness, he certainly proved he knew how to work the
the Year (1987, 1993) Pro Bowl Game MVP (1996) 13× Pro Bowl (1986–1996, 1998, 2002) 10× First Team All-Pro (1986–1990, 1992–1996) Second Team All-Pro (2002) 10× PFWA All-NFL Team (1986–1990, 1992–1996) 5× NEA First Team All-Pro (1986, 1987, 1989, 1990, 1992) 2× NEA Second Team All-Pro (1988, 1991) 11× Sporting News All-Pro Team (1986–1996) 6× PFW All-Pro Team (1986–1991) PFWA All-Rookie Team (1985) 6× NFL receiving yards leader (1986, 1989, 1990, 1993–1995) 2× NFL receptions leader (1990, 1996) 6× NFL
the Zulfikar Ali Bhutto regime. Khan is viewed largely negatively by Pakistani historians and is considered among the worst but also one of the most misunderstood of the country's leaders. His rule is widely regarded as one of the leading causes of the fall of Dhaka and the breakup of Pakistan, but not entirely of his own making. In the United States, he has been appreciated for facilitating the American opening to China, President Richard Nixon sending a handwritten letter
the account balance at −0.9 per cent of GDP. The average annual net earnings in the European Union was around €25,000 in 2021. The euro is the official currency in 21 member states of the EU. The creation of a European single currency became an official objective of the European Economic Community in 1969. In 1992, having negotiated the structure and procedures of a currency union, the member states signed the Maastricht Treaty and were legally bound to fulfil the
the acquittal of a corrupt police officer causes riots throughout the city that use the 1992 riots as a reference. 1981 Brixton riot 2011 London riots 2015 Baltimore protests 2020–2023 United States racial unrest The Riot Within: My Journey from Rebellion to Redemption Murders of Ming Qu and Ying Wu Crown Heights riot Murder of José Campos Torres Driving while black Ferguson unrest List of ethnic riots § United States List of incidents of civil unrest in the United States
the album with a world tour that included stops in the US, Europe, and Japan. In March 2005, Wilson, Parks, and Leaf held a panel at the annual South by Southwest convention in Austin, Texas to discuss Smile. Asked if he would permit the release of the original Beach Boys recordings, Wilson responded, "Never. Those are gone forever. I don't want those made public because they bring up bad memories. I don't think about the old days anymore. I never
the anniversary of the Battle of Puebla would be a national holiday regarded as "Battle of Puebla Day" or "Battle of Cinco de Mayo". The national celebration of the day peaked during the Porfiriato, the long rule of President/dictator Porfirio Díaz, who had fought in the Battle of Puebla as a young officer. According to historian Kelly Lytle Hernández, Díaz "strategically turned the Cinco de Mayo Festival or celebration into a celebration of his power and his reign and made
the arms of Ireland, since 1945 the harp is the arms of each president of Ireland whilst in office. Typically, the arms are borne as a banner in the form of a presidential standard. The standard is flown over Áras an Uachtaráin, the president's residence in Dublin, at Dublin Castle, when the president is in residence and on vehicles used by the president. Like other presidential and royal standards, it is never flown at half mast. However, the Presidential Standard
the arms on some official documents, including acts of the Scottish Parliament. The royal arms appear in courtrooms in England and Wales, typically behind the judge's bench, and symbolise that justice comes from the monarch. One exception is the magistrates' court in the City of London, where both the royal arms and arms of the City of London Corporation appear behind the bench. Courtrooms in Scotland, in the same way, usually display the Scottish version of the royal arms. The
the assembly chamber at Parliament Buildings, Stormont. This emblem is based on a design created by Leslie Durbin that featured six flax flowers and a coronet which was used to represent Northern Ireland on £1 coins minted in 1991. The Northern Ireland Executive uses a logo depicting a representation of the Giant's Causeway. The Celtic harp represents Northern Ireland indirectly as Ireland in the royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom. The reverse side of the Great Seal of
the atrocities was first made clear in the West, when Anthony Mascarenhas, a Pakistani journalist who had been sent to the province by the military authorities to write a story favorable to Pakistan, instead fled to the United Kingdom and, on 13 June 1971, published an article in The Sunday Times describing the systematic killings by the military. The BBC wrote: "There is little doubt that Mascarenhas' reportage played its part in ending the war. It helped turn world opinion
the auction and can demotivate other bidders from participating. It robs the seller of the true value of their good and reduces the auctioneer's commission. Beyond explicit collusion, a tacit coordination of bidders to keep bids low is at least theoretically possible. In case of spectrum auctions, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) experimented with precautions restricting visibility of bids, limiting the number of bids, click-box bidding, and anonymous bidding in order to prevent bidders from signalling bidding information by embedding
the auction once it has begun. Once only one participant remains in the auction, the auction ends and that participant wins the item at the current price. It has similarities to the ante in Poker. First-price sealed-bid auction, or a sealed-bid first-price auction/blind auction, is a type of auction where all bidders simultaneously submit sealed bids so that no bidder knows the bid of any other participant. The highest bidder pays the price they submitted. This type of auction is
the auction. That website described Rosie as an "18-year old lesbian (muff diver) virgin", and told bidders "You are bidding for a prime piece. 18 years young, NO PREVIOUS OWNERS! Shipping will be covered by the vendor, item is non refundable. This product may contain traces of nuts." The site highlighted the lack of financial support available to students like her. The NOTW subsequently reported in March 2004 that Rosie had sold her virginity for £8,400 to a 44-year-old BT
the autostrada in Sicily kills five people, including Italian anti-Mafia judge Giovanni Falcone. May 24 In Thailand, Suchinda Kraprayoon agrees to resign. Parliamentary election held in Burkina Faso, for the first time since 1978. May 30 – United Nations Security Council Resolution 757 imposes economic sanctions on Yugoslavia in an effort to end its attacks on Bosnia and Herzegovina. June 2 – In a national referendum Denmark rejects the Maastricht Treaty by a narrow margin. June 3–14 – The Earth
the battle took place, the Mexican community in California started celebrating the victory of Cinco de Mayo. La Voz de Méjico (San Francisco, California, Spanish, 1862–1866) published detailed accounts of the battle. On 7 June 1862, La Voz de Méjico reported that a Cinco de Mayo celebration took place on May 22 in the town of Columbia, California. Attendees toasted to their fellow Mexican's victory and sang patriotic songs. Back in California, Mexican Americans followed the news in Spanish language
the beginning, one participant can stop all other potential participants from bidding at all, or stop the bidding process before the bid price has reached the buyout price. If no bidder chooses to utilize the buyout option before the end of bidding, the highest bidder wins and pays their bid. Buyout options can be either temporary or permanent. In a temporary-buyout auction the option to buy out the auction is not available after the first bid is placed. In a
the bidder's hand. In many bidding systems the following bid types are limit bids: (1) Natural notrump bids indicating balanced hands within a narrow high card strength range; (2) raises of partner's suit indicating a minimum number of cards in the raised suit, a narrow high card strength range, and likely ruffing values; or (3) rebids of one's own suit indicating a minimum suit length, an unbalanced hand, and a narrow high card strength range. Limit jump raise An invitational
the bidders, may have been set, below which the item may not be sold. If the seller announces to the bidders the reserve price, it is a public reserve price auction. In contrast, if the seller does not announce the reserve price before the sale, it is a secret reserve price auction. However, potential bidders may be able to deduce an approximate reserve price, if one exists at all, from any estimate given in advance by the auction house. The
the bidding (Slang) To preempt. Jettison The discard of an honor, often by a defender, and usually to unblock a suit. Josephine Grand slam force, an alternative term popular in Europe. The convention was developed by Ely Culbertson, and popularized in a late 1930s article by Josephine Culbertson in The Bridge World Journalist leads Opening lead convention, mainly against notrump contracts, designed to show both what the leader has, and to request specific partner actions in return. Jump (Noun) A
the bidding and by the card played to a trick. The only legal means of communication is through the calls and plays themselves, rather than through mannerisms such as tone of voice and hesitations. Often generalized as communications in both senses. Comparative scoring The method of scoring used in matchpoint or Board-a-Match events. The metric used is not the number of points earned on a particular deal, as it is when using quantitative scoring, but the number of pairs that
the bidding, it may be best for South to declare a North-South contract, so that West will have to play from his high cards on opening lead. This positioning may protect South's tenaces. In that case, a call that will make North declarer is antipositional. See wrongside. Appeal In tournaments, to appeal is to request that a committee review a ruling made by a director. Approach–forcing A principle, first used in the Culbertson system, that has survived in modern bidding.
the bidding, they each pass, denying such strength. South, next in turn, opens with the bid of 1♥, which denotes a reasonable heart suit (at least 4 or 5 cards long, depending on the bidding system) and at least 12 high card points. On this hand, South has 14 high card points. West overcalls with 1♠, since he has a long spade suit of reasonable quality and 10 high card points (an overcall can be made on a hand that
the birth of their first child, Marilyn's concerns about Wilson's mental health intensified. Wilson was hospitalized later that year and prescribed Thorazine for severe anxiety disorder. He may have self-admitted and possibly received treatments ranging from talking therapies to doses of lithium and electroconvulsive therapy during this stay. Wilson was given the later-retracted diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia, in addition to manic-depressive psychosis, when he was a patient at Brotzman Memorial Hospital in 1978. Landy, in 1976, had initially refuted such
the blame for the extensive nature of the violence was attributed to LAPD chief of police Daryl Gates, who had already announced his resignation by the time of the riots, for failure to de-escalate the situation and overall mismanagement. Before the release of the Rodney King videotape, minority community leaders in Los Angeles had repeatedly complained about harassment and use of excessive force against their residents by Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officers. Daryl Gates, Chief of the LAPD from
the center and the tongue across the hole. There is also a metal variety, more round or tree-leaf shaped. It may also have metal bells attached. The instrument is both a wind instrument and percussion instrument. As a wind instrument, it is placed against the mouth, which acts as a resonator and tool to alter the sound. Although mainly a folk instrument, better-made examples exist. While the instrument was thought to be the invention of children herding cattle, it is
the charges of involvement in 2015. R.J. Rummel cites estimates ranging from one to three million people killed. Other estimates place the death toll lower, at 300,000. Bangladesh government figures state that Pakistani forces aided by collaborators killed three million people, raped 200,000 women and displaced millions of others. According to authors Kenton Worcester, Sally Bermanzohn and Mark Ungar, Bengalis themselves killed about 150,000 non-Bengalis living in the East. There had been reports of Bengali insurgents indiscriminately killing non-Bengalis throughout
the civil war in Afghanistan (1992–96). April 20 – The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert, held at Wembley Stadium, London, is televised live to over one billion people and raises millions of dollars for AIDS research. April 21 – The death of Grand Duke Vladimir Kirillovich of Russia results in a succession dispute between Nicholas Romanov, Prince of Russia and Vladimir's daughter Maria for the leadership of the Imperial Family of Russia. April 22 – Fuel leaking into a sewer causes
the command of Lt Col A. B. Harolikar. The first wave of attacks was carried out on the same day with a hundred soldiers landed into the city, followed by more after 12 hours. The Indian forces expected the city to have been abandoned by the Pakistani commanders. Contrary to their beliefs, the city was defended by 2 brigades which responded with heavy firing towards the attacking Indian forces. This also caused an interruption in the heliborne operations and limited
the compensation of its members until the next election. The bill did not pass and the Supreme Court has not addressed its constitutionality. List of amendments to the Constitution of the United States List of proposed amendments to the Constitution of the United States United States Bill of Rights Johnny H. Killian; George A. Costello, eds. (July 2015). The Constitution of the United States of America: Analysis and Interpretation. Washington, D.C.: United States Government Publishing Office. Senate Document No. 103–6.
the complete series on Blu-ray in March 2026 in the United States. Key = Available only on DVD = Available only on Blu-ray = Available on both DVD & Blu-ray Madison Gate Records released an extended play entitled Cobra Kai: Wax Off - EP on July 23, 2021, featuring extended versions of four previously released tracks from the first two seasons soundtracks. In 2022, Ralph Macchio published the memoir Waxing On: The Karate Kid and Me (Dutton), in which he
the comprehensive report compiled together with the First Report; this report was also marked as classified. In 2000, the excerpts of the Supplementary Report were leaked to a political correspondent of Pakistan's Dawn, which the Dawn published together with India Today. The First Report is still marked as classified, while the Supplementary Report's excerpts were suppressed by the news correspondents. The War Report's supplementary section was published by the Pakistan Government, but it did not officially hand over the report
the construction of Europe (French: la construction européenne). The following timeline outlines the legal inception of the European Union (EU)—the principal framework for this unification. The EU inherited many of its present organisations, institutions, and responsibilities from the European Communities (EC), which were founded in the 1950s in the spirit of the Schuman Declaration. The European Union operates through a hybrid system of supranational and intergovernmental decision-making, and according to the principle of conferral (which says that it should act
the contract (e.g. a contract of four hearts doubled is indicated by 4♥ X); a redoubled contract is indicated by "XX" (e.g. 4♥ XX). When a contract is defeated, penalty points are awarded to the defending side. The value of the penalty depends on the number of undertricks, whether the declaring side is vulnerable or not vulnerable and whether the contract was undoubled, doubled or redoubled. Without a double or redouble, every undertrick has a fixed cost of 100 or
the contract are referred to as overtricks and their scoring points are accounted for separately because their values are dependent upon declarer's vulnerability. The contract points are doubled if the contract is doubled, and quadrupled if the contract is redoubled. When declarer makes overtricks, their score value depends upon the contract denomination, declarer's vulnerability and whether or not the contract is undoubled, doubled or redoubled. In an undoubled contract each overtrick earns the same as in contract points (30 for
the control of the CCP. The largest media organizations are the People's Daily, Xinhua News Agency, and the China Media Group consisting of China Central Television, China Global Television Network, China National Radio and China Radio International. Access to foreign media remains heavily restricted. Cinema was first introduced to China in 1896 and the first Chinese film, Dingjun Mountain, was released in 1905. China has had the largest number of movie screens in the world since 2016; China became the
the correct singing of sacred music. This pedagogical movement flourished, and led ultimately to the invention of shape notes, which originated as a way to make the teaching of singing easier. The first shape note tunebook appeared in 1801: The Easy Instructor by William Smith and William Little. At first, Smith and Little's shapes competed with a rival system, created by Andrew Law (1749–1821) in his The Musical Primer of 1803. Although this book came out two years later than
the count (definition 3). Single dummy The normal manner of play, with certain knowledge only of one's own cards and dummy's, and without verbal communication between partners. Contrast Double dummy. Singleton A holding of exactly one card in a suit. Sit-out A round in a movement during which a pair is idle. That pair is said to "sit out" that round. Skip An irregular feature of a Mitchell movement: typically a move by the East–West pairs of 2 tables up
the count of keycards. Elimination The removal, by playing a suit or suits, of safe exit cards from defenders' hands, normally in preparation for an endplay. The classic (but not the only) example is to leave an endplayed defender with the choice of conceding a ruff and discard or giving declarer a free finesse. Elope, elopement To win a trick by ruffing with a trump lower in rank than an opponent's trump. The coup en passant is an example of
the country (the Pakistan People's Party in West Pakistan and the All-Pakistan Awami League in what was East Pakistan and now Bangladesh) and also push for the Islamization of the Constitution. More generally, Yahya used the intelligence services (the ISI and the IB) "to keep secular political parties under check", mobilizing the Information Ministry for propaganda and pushing the idea that they put "Islam and Pakistan in danger." Towards the end of his life, during and following his imprisonment, Yahya
the curse rebounded upon the evil wizard, who has been in hiding ever since. The book, which was Rowling's debut novel, was written between approximately June 1990 and some time in 1995. In 1990, Jo Rowling, as she preferred to be known, wanted to move with her boyfriend to a flat in Manchester and in her words, "One weekend after flat hunting, I took the train back to London on my own and the idea for Harry Potter fell into
the day can also be found in Cape Town, South Africa, Lagos, Nigeria, and in Paris, France. Cinco de Mayo is celebrated in Japan in Osaka and in Tokyo's Yoyogi Park Event Space as a celebration of Latin American culture. List of occasions known by their dates Siege of Puebla (1863), fall of Puebla to the French Third Battle of Puebla (1867), recapture of Puebla and decisive victory for the restoration of the Republic Cinco De Mayo Quick Facts Cinco
the declaring side if they make the contract, or else to the defenders. Partnerships can be vulnerable, increasing the rewards for making the contract, but also increasing the penalties for undertricks. In rubber bridge, if a side has won 100 contract points, they have won a game and are vulnerable for the remaining rounds, but in duplicate bridge, vulnerability is predetermined based on the number of each board. If the declaring side makes their contract, they receive points for odd
the degree of skewness in the raw scores. Dawdling The practice of introducing an additional round (or rounds) to the bidding to show extra information. Example: On a 1NT – 3NT auction, responder has gone quickly to the final contract. When instead the auction goes 1NT – 2♦ ; 2♥ – 3NT, responder has dawdled with the Jacoby Transfer to announce their 5-card heart suit before going to 3NT. Important distinction: Dawdling is part and parcel of the fast arrival
the department. In addition to the catalyst of the verdicts in the excessive force trial, various other factors have been cited as causes of the unrest, including the death of Latasha Harlins, the young Black girl who was shot by a Korean American shopkeeper in 1991, for which the shooter received only five years of probation and 400 hours of community service–and no jail time. There were other long-term factors for social tensions: high rates of poverty and unemployment among
the difference between the longest and the shortest suit. An additional point is added for the ♠ suit if it has 4+ cards. The unsupported honors are diminished 1 point in value. 52 Zar points should produce a NT or major suit game. Zero The lowest score obtained on a deal in a pairs game. Also, bottom. Zia play A specific type of falsecard which creates a losing option to declarer. Zone One of eight geographic zones in which World
the dog. The Feist (dog), Bull Terrier, Smooth Fox Terrier, Manchester Terrier, Whippet, Italian Greyhound, the now extinct English White Terrier, Turnspit Dog, and Wry-legged Terrier all share in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry. These early ratting terriers were then most likely bred to the Beagle or Beagle crossbred dogs (for increased scenting ability) and other dogs. Maximizing the influences from these various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a keen sense of awareness and prey drive, an
the double immediately over opening bidder. Tank (Slang) Huddle. Tap (Verb and noun) Slang. To adopt a line of defense that is intended to force declarer to ruff in the long hand. Also, the line of defense itself: "To get the tap going." See Forcing defense. Team 1) (Adjective) (also Teams or Teams-of-four) A form of duplicate bridge played by eight people at two tables. The North–South pair at one table and East–West pair at the other table are teammates.
the east coast and beginning to study martial arts. Karen Rosenfelt will produce the film, with principal photography scheduled to commence in spring 2024. Originally scheduled to be released on June 7, 2024, the film was delayed to May 30, 2025, in part as a result of the 2023 writers and actors strikes. In 2022, Ralph Macchio published the memoir Waxing On: The Karate Kid and Me (Dutton), in which he reflects upon the making of and legacy of the
the effects of the Seventeenth Amendment, advocates have emerged to reform or repeal the amendment. At the beginning of President Barack Obama's administration in 2009, four sitting Democratic senators left the Senate for executive branch positions: Obama himself (President), Joe Biden (Vice President), Hillary Clinton (Secretary of State), and Ken Salazar (Secretary of the Interior). Controversies developed about the successor appointments made by Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich and New York governor David Paterson. New interest was aroused in abolishing the
the episode Dear Mrs Kennedy. Stephen Daldry won the 2018 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for the episode "Paterfamilias." After season two was released, Peggy Noonan of The Wall Street Journal commented on its historical inaccuracy, and argued for "more truth in art and entertainment". Baron Nahum, for instance, continued to be featured in the season, but in reality had died in 1956. In the first episode, a picture of the Queen is hung in
the equivalent of five geographical time zones (from UTC+5 to UTC+9), China uses a single national time zone, China Standard Time (UTC+8). This uniform time policy was adopted in 1949. China's climate is mainly dominated by dry seasons and wet monsoons, which lead to pronounced temperature differences between winter and summer. In the winter, northern winds coming from high-latitude areas are cold and dry; in summer, southern winds from coastal areas at lower latitudes are warm and moist. A major
the family moved from Inglewood to 3701 West 119th Street in nearby Hawthorne, California. Wilson, along with his siblings, suffered psychological and sporadic physical maltreatment from their father. His 2016 memoir characterizes his father as "violent" and "cruel"; however, it also suggests that certain narratives about the mistreatment had been overstated or unfounded. From an early age, Wilson exhibited an aptitude for learning by ear. His father remembered how, after hearing only a few verses of "When the Caissons Go
the federal jury's decision. The decision was read in a court session on Saturday, April 17, 1993, at 7 a.m. Officer Laurence Powell and Sergeant Stacey Koon were found guilty, while officers Theodore Briseno and Timothy Wind were acquitted. Mindful of criticism of sensationalist reporting after the first trial and during the riots, media outlets opted for more sober coverage. Police were fully mobilized with officers on 12 hour shifts, convoy patrols, scout helicopters, street barricades, tactical command centers, and
the film had grossed $130 million worldwide. Between 2018 and 2020, the film grossed a further $400,529 in the United States and Canada, and $42,257 in the United Kingdom bringing its worldwide total to $130,442,786 (equivalent to $404,000,000 in 2025). The film sold an estimated 27,072,000 tickets in the United States and Canada. The film also sold 1.9 million tickets in Spain, 1,888,845 tickets in France and Germany, and 137,217 tickets in the South Korean capital of Seoul, adding up
the film. The song "Hip Song" by Rain is used for promotion in the Asian countries and it appeared in the trailer. The music video was released on May 22, 2010. "Bang Bang" by K'naan featuring Adam Levine and "Say" by John Mayer are also featured in the movie. It also features Lady Gaga's "Poker Face", Flo Rida's "Low" and Gorillaz' "Dirty Harry" (being performed in Chinese). An abbreviated form of Frédéric Chopin's Nocturne No. 20 is featured, arranged for
the firing of head coach Bill Callahan. That led Rice to be frustrated about his role with the team. By the time the 2004 season was starting, Rice struggled, and by the fourth game of the season, Rice had five receptions for only 64 yards. Because of that, he asked Raiders owner Al Davis to trade him. Rice was traded to the Seattle Seahawks six games into the 2004 season in exchange for a seventh round pick and reunited with
the first of four seasons in which Rice led the NFL in both receiving yards and touchdown receptions. He was named to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro teams. The 49ers finished the regular season with a 10–5–1 record, won the NFC West, and made the postseason. Rice struggled in the Divisional Round against the eventual Super Bowl-winning Giants, fumbling what would have been a long touchdown on the game's first drive. The 49ers lost 49–3. In the first game
the first series, with the exception of the two-part Namibia special, each episode featured studio segments filmed in a makeshift tent hosted across various foreign locales. Of these, two sites were each used for two separate but consecutive episodes. Although the series featured celebrities, most appeared in a minor capacity while others were mentioned or involved a look-alike – these appearances mainly were for a running gag involving them heading to meet the presenters in their tent for an interview,
the first two installments of the Harry Potter film series, expressed interest in directing a film adaptation of The Cursed Child, with the intent of having the main cast members reprise their roles. When The New York Times asked Daniel Radcliffe in 2022 if he would be ready to reprise his role as Harry Potter, he replied that he was not interested in it at the moment, but did not deny the possibility of returning sometime in the future. In
the first was achieved by Chang'e 5 from the lunar near side 4 years ago. It also carried a Chinese rover called Jinchan to conduct infrared spectroscopy of lunar surface and imaged Chang'e 6 lander on lunar surface. After a decades-long infrastructural boom, China has produced numerous world-leading infrastructural projects: it has the largest high-speed rail network, the most supertall skyscrapers, the largest power plant (the Three Gorges Dam), the most extensive ultra-high-voltage transmission network and innovation infrastructure, and a
the flag pole, climbed the pole, and flew the Erin Go Bragh flag, as the Tricolour had not yet received widespread acceptance. The other Irish athletes and a number of Irish-American athletes fended off security for a few minutes while the flag was flown. It was the first time an Irish flag had been flown at a sporting event. A traditional Scottish song from the 19th century entitled "Erin-go-Bragh" tells the story of a Highland Scot who is mistaken for
the following game against the Cowboys, he recorded eight receptions for 113 yards and two touchdowns in the 36–28 loss. Moore finished the 2021 season with 93 receptions for 1,157 receiving yards and four receiving touchdowns. On March 18, 2022, Moore signed a three-year, $61.9 million contract extension with the Panthers through the 2025 season. In Week 8, against the Falcons, Moore had six receptions for 152 yards and a touchdown in the 37–34 overtime defeat. Moore's touchdown was a
the former East Pakistan as Bangladesh. At first, resistance was spontaneous and disorganized, and was not expected to be prolonged. But when the Pakistani Army cracked down upon the population, resistance grew. The Mukti Bahini became increasingly active. The Pakistani military sought to quell them, but increasingly many Bengali soldiers defected to this underground "Bangladesh army". These Bengali units slowly merged into the Mukti Bahini and bolstered their weaponry with supplies from India. Pakistan responded by airlifting in two infantry
the four hands. Sometimes the length of a suit in one or two hands is known or presumed and its "distribution" covers only three or two hands, as "opposing distribution" said of the other pair from the perspective of one pair or player. (Hand distribution, also shape or pattern) Of one 13-card hand on a deal, the numbers of cards or lengths in the four suits. Sometimes the length of one or two suits is known or presumed and "distribution"
the fourth. Distributions such as 4–4–4–1, 5–4–4–0 and 5–4–3–1 are often termed "three-suiters." Throw To discard. Throw-in See Endplay. Tight (Slang) An honor card or honor sequence unaccompanied by low cards: "He had the ♥KQ tight." Timing A player's agenda for tasks in the play of the hand: for example, ruff losers and then draw trumps; or, draw trumps and then run the side suit. Top Playing matchpoints, the highest score achieved on a board. Top of nothing The lead
the free circulation of goods, capital, people, and services within the EU, The free movement of services and of establishment allows self-employed persons to move between member states to provide services on a temporary or permanent basis. While services account for 60 per cent to 70 per cent of GDP, legislation in the area is not as developed as in other areas. This lacuna has been addressed by the Services in the Internal Market Directive 2006 which aims to liberalise
the ground. October 6 – Lennart Meri becomes the first President of Estonia after regaining independence. The Estonian Government in Exile resigns on the next day. October 7 – In Peru, Shining Path leader Abimael Guzmán is convicted of treason and sentenced to life in prison. October 11 – The Catechism of the Catholic Church is promulgated by Pope John Paul II with his apostolic constitution, Fidei depositum. October 12 In the Dominican Republic, Pope John Paul II celebrates the
the grounds of excavation techniques, and the lack of contemporary writing or pictures mentioning the instrument. Although this instrument is used by lackeys and people of the lower class, this does not mean it is not worthy of consideration by better minds ... The trump is grasped while its extremity is placed between the teeth in order to play it and make it sound ... Now one may strike the tongue with the index finger in two ways, i.e., by
the group's business decisions. In February, Beatlemania swept the U.S., a development that deeply concerned Wilson, who felt the Beach Boys' supremacy had been threatened by the British Invasion. Reflecting in 1966, he said, "The Beatles invasion shook me up a lot. [...] So we stepped on the gas a little bit." The Beach Boys' May 1964 single "I Get Around", their first U.S. number-one hit, is identified by scholar James Perone as representing both a successful response to the
the helm and mantling, reduces the crest to the crown alone, and has no compartment. Use of the royal arms by government departments and agencies is governed by the Cabinet Office. The royal arms feature on all acts of parliament, in the logos of government departments, on the cover of all UK passports (and passports issued in other British territories and dependencies), as an inescutcheon on the diplomatic flags of British Ambassadors, and on The London Gazette. It is also
the highest-grossing week for a play in San Francisco history. On 2 August 2019, the cast was announced and starred John Skelley as Harry Potter, Yanna McIntosh as Hermione Granger, David Abeles as Ron Weasley, Angela Reed as Ginny Potter, Lucas Hall as Draco Malfoy. Rounding out the lead cast was Benjamin Papac as Albus Potter, Jon Steiger as Scorpius Malfoy, and Folami Williams as Rose Granger-Weasley. Preview performances began on 23 October 2019, ahead of an official opening night
the home to the highest number of people who have a net personal wealth of at least $110,000, according to the global wealth report by Credit Suisse. China had 85 female billionaires as of January 2021, two-thirds of the global total. China has had the world's largest middle-class population since 2015; the middle-class grew to 500 million by 2024. China is the world's leading manufacturing power, accounting for 30% of global manufacturing. It has been the world's largest manufacturing nation
the inaugural class of the Black College Football Hall of Fame in 2010. During his college years, Rice became a member of the Phi Beta Sigma fraternity and met his future wife Jackie Mitchell at an MVS basketball game. When they first met, Mitchell was a high school student, and they dated casually before Rice met her mother. Her mother was initially unhappy about Rice and preferred that Mitchell see another boy that lived in Greenville, Mississippi, but after meeting
the instigators had already left, completed a report. At 4:58 p.m., Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley held a news conference to discuss the verdicts. He both expressed anger about the verdicts and appealed for calm. Today, this jury told the world that what we all saw with our own eyes wasn't a crime. Today, that jury asked us to accept the senseless and brutal beating of a helpless man. Today, that jury said we should tolerate such conduct by those
the intention of deceiving an opponent as to one's true holding. Also, the act of making such a play. Fast arrival A style of bidding under which the fewer bids used to reach a contract (usually said of game contracts), the weaker the bidder's hand. Fast arrival holds that 1♠ – 2♦; 2♠ – 4♠ is weaker than 1♠ – 2♦; 2♠ – 3♣; 3NT – 4♠. A relevant term is dawdling. Contrast Slow arrival. Fast rubber A rubber completed
the item. Such a strategy risks losing the auction but has the possibility of winning at a low price. Bid shading can also be a strategy to avoid the winner's curse. In either case, the allocation of resources may be inefficient, as the product will not ultimately be acquired by the individual who values it the most. Instead, it will go to the person who either overvalues it the most or effectively employs bid shading. Auction cancellation hunters bid minimal
the last countries to recognise the independence of Bangladesh, refusing to do so until 31 August 1975. To this date, its relations with Bangladesh are determined by the Pakistan factor. Ceylon (modern-day Sri Lanka) saw the partition of Pakistan as an example for themselves and feared India might use its enhanced power against them in the future. The left-wing government of Sirimavo Bandaranaike following a neutral non-aligned foreign policy. As Pakistani aircraft could not fly over Indian territory, they would
the launch of the Islamabad-Tehran-Istanbul Road Transport Corridor Project, with a welcoming ceremony in Istanbul for a convoy of Pakistani commercial trucks. The first two National Logistics Company (NLC) trucks carrying goods from Pakistan reached Turkey via Iran, under the Transports Internationaux Routiers (TIR) convention. The trucks departed Karachi on 27 September and reached Istanbul on 7 October, completing their 5,300 kilometers (3,293 miles) trip. During the August 2025 delagation, President Pezeshkian and Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif discussed infrastructure development,
the lawyers said they could test cars on a test track, but they could not post the times using hand-written signs as they had done on Top Gear; instead, they used a digital leaderboard. Wilman said that some of the lawyers' concerns "got funnier and funnier", such as whether May could say "cock", or whether during one of their exotic roadtrips, if they could stop and admire the scenery by saying "it's beautiful" as they frequently did on Top Gear.
the lead is thought to be fifth best.) Rule of Fifteen Guideline for opening light in fourth seat: open if your high card points plus your number of spades is 15 or more. Also known as the Cansino Count. Rule of Five When the bidding has reached the 5-level in a competitive auction, tend to defend rather than bid on. In other words, in competitive auctions, 5-level contracts belong to the enemy. See also Law of Total Tricks Rule of
the liberation war. The Ghazi Attack, a 2017 war film directed by Sankalp Reddy. It is based on the sinking of PNS Ghazi during the war. 1971: Beyond Borders, a 2017 Indian war drama film written and directed by Major Ravi. Raazi, a 2017 fictional spy film, based on the novel "Calling Sehmat", was set before the events of war about the detection of plans to deploy PNS Ghazi Romeo Akbar Walter, a 2019 spy thriller film was set against
the lights turned on and the coffee pot plugged in", but taken no other preparatory action. Specifically, the people intended to staff that Center were not gathered until 4:45 p.m. In addition, no action was taken to retain extra personnel at the LAPD's shift change at 3 p.m., as the risk of trouble was deemed low. The acquittals of the four accused Los Angeles Police Department officers came at 3:15 p.m. local time. By 3:45 p.m., a crowd of more
the likelihood of West Pakistani victory" in the war, and that they overestimated "the importance of the crisis to broader U.S. policy. The evidence fails to support Nixon and Kissinger's own framing of the 1971 crisis as a contest between cool-headed realpolitik and idealistic humanitarianism, and instead shows that Kissinger and Nixon's policy decisions harmed their stated goals because of repeated decision-making errors." During the course of the war, China harshly criticised India for its involvement in the East Pakistan
the line, one has 40-on. One club system A bidding system that uses a bid of 1♣ as artificial and forcing, but not necessarily strong. One over one, or one-over-one (1/1) To an opening one-bid, any one-level response in a suit; that is, one of a higher suit in response to opening one of a lower suit. Contrast Two over one. One round force A bid that requests partner to ensure that the bidding continue for at least one more
the lips, and strike all the four springs at the same time". The American composer Charles Ives wrote a part for Jew's harp in the Washington's Birthday movement of A Symphony: New England Holidays. The Jew's harp has been used occasionally in rock and country music. For example: Canned Heat's multi-part piece "Parthenogenesis", from their 1968 studio album, Living the Blues. Black Sabbath – "Sleeping Village" The Who – "Join Together" Jew's harp music Music of Central Asia Traditional music
the live group for one-off occasions throughout 1965. Campbell substituted for him at some shows until February 1965, after which Wilson produced Campbell's solo single, "Guess I'm Dumb", as a gesture of appreciation. Columbia Records staff producer Bruce Johnston was subsequently hired as Wilson's permanent touring replacement. With his bandmates frequently touring, Wilson grew socially distant from the Beach Boys. By late 1964, he had relocated to an apartment at 7235 Hollywood Boulevard, where he had begun cultivating a new
the longer suit with 3 cards in one and two in the other, and 1 ♣ with 3–3. In this sense the term is a misnomer as a poor club suit (e.g. Jxx) may be opener instead of a stronger diamond suit (e.g. KQx). "Prepared minor" would be more precise terminology. See prepared bid. Bermuda Bowl The trophy awarded to the winner of the World Zonal Open Team Championship, the most prestigious in bridge. More commonly the term refers to
the lowest in the world. In 2023, National Bureau of Statistics estimated that the population fell 850,000 from 2021 to 2022, the first decline since 1961. In 2025, China's population officially stood at 1.404 billion with births at 7.92 million, the lowest recorded birthrate since at least 1949. Given concerns about population growth, China implemented a two-child limit during the 1970s, and, in 1979, began to advocate for an even stricter limit of one child per family. Beginning in the
the major leagues in 2006 and had become the Giants' regular closer by the end of 2007. In 2010, he led the Majors with 48 saves, tying the franchise single-season record, while posting a 1.81 ERA, and he saved clinching games at every level of the playoffs, including the 2010 World Series over the Texas Rangers. In the first week of the 2012 season, Wilson injured his elbow and subsequently underwent his second Tommy John surgery. He completed his recovery
the medication administered under Landy. Therapist Peter Reum stated that Wilson would have deteriorated into a "drooling, palsied mental patient", and potentially died of heart failure had he continued this drug regimen. In a 2002 interview, Wilson stated, "I don't regret [the Landy program]. I loved the guy—he saved me." After Wilson sought medical care elsewhere, he was declared to have organic personality disorder. His mental condition improved in later years, although his auditory hallucinations persisted, especially when performing onstage.
the member states on these fields of policy into a common alignment. The high representative heads up the European External Action Service (EEAS), a unique EU department that has been officially implemented and operational since 1 December 2010 on the occasion of the first anniversary of the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon. The EEAS serves as a foreign ministry and diplomatic corps for the European Union. Besides the emerging international policy of the European Union, the international
the message from the boys, he and his allies use Draco's Time-Turner to travel back in time to save them and stop Delphi. They deduce she intends to convince Voldemort to abandon his attempt to kill Harry, which would ensure Voldemort's ultimate survival. Harry magically disguises himself as Voldemort to distract Delphi; after a struggle, the group subdues her. Rather than killing Delphi, they decide that she will be given a life sentence in Azkaban Prison. Voldemort appears, oblivious to
the military leadership vetoed the mission's proposal. Zulfikar Ali Bhutto endorsed the veto, and subsequently refused to yield the premiership of Pakistan to Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. The Awami League called for general strikes throughout the country. President Yahya Khan postponed the inauguration of the National Assembly, causing disillusionment among the Awami League and their supporters throughout East Pakistan. In reaction, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman called for general strikes that eventually shut down the government, and dissidents in the east began targeting
the missing honor card (here, the K) would be damaging to his side. Sponsor 1) The organization that puts on a tournament, such as the WBF, the ACBL or the EBU, a regional association, or a club. 2) One who hires partners or teammates to compete in an event. Spot card A card that ranks below the 10. Spread (Slang) Laydown. SPS A Suit Preference Signal, a card played by a defender to show interest in or an entry in
the monarch are differenced with a three-point label; while grandchildren of the monarch are differenced with a five-point label. An exception is made for the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, who also bears a three-point label. The labels are always white (argent) and each prince or princess has individual marks to form his or her particular difference, except the Prince of Wales, who uses a plain white three-pointed label. Since 1911, the arms of the Prince of Wales
the monarch's claim to the French throne was at the same time dropped, and the French quarter removed from the coat of arms. The remaining quarters were rearranged so that, outside Scotland, England occupied the first and fourth, Scotland the second, Ireland the third, and Hanover an inescutcheon topped by an electoral bonnet. Within Scotland, the Scottish and English quarters were reversed. In 1816, the electorate of Hanover became a kingdom, and the bonnet was replaced with a crown. In
the most commonly used edition of The Sacred Harp ("Denson Book") Sacred Harp Book Company, publisher for the Cooper Revision of The Sacred Harp Sacred Harp Singing by Warren Steel, another web site on the Sacred Harp Sacred Harp and Related Shape-Note Music Resources, a large and well-annotated collection of resources on shape-note music SingLoud.org, a general reference website and blog for new and experienced singers. "Wiregrass Sacred Harp Singers Era 1980". Musics of Alabama: A Compilation. Alabama Center for
the mother's medical expenses, but that deal fell through. As of January 2013, she reported she had received three bids, the highest at $35,000. As of March 2014, it was unknown what the outcome of the auction was. In October 2013, an 18-year-old Siberian woman calling herself "Shatuniha" posted an auction for her virginity on a Russian auction site. As of early November it was reported that she had received a bid for 900,000 rubles (about US$27,700), and that local
the movement being used. Stayman convention A conventional bid of 2♣ that calls for a 1NT opening bidder to bid a four-card major, if one is held, and (usually) 2♦ otherwise. Many continuations have been devised. Steal To gain an advantage, usually through deception. The theft may be material (e.g., a trick or a contract) or non-material (e.g., a tempo). Despite the term steal, deception is entirely legal if it does not involve unauthorized information or concealment of information to
the movement's evolution into indie rock. According to critic Carl Wilson (no relation to the Beach Boys' Carl Wilson), punk bands like the Ramones "seized on and subverted the early Wilson template"; additionally, Wilson's "vulnerability", "offbeat instruments", and "intricate harmonies", together with the Smile mythos, served as a "touchstone" for art-inclined post-punk and bands such as Pere Ubu, XTC, U2, R.E.M., the Pixies, and My Bloody Valentine. In her article which dubbed him "the godfather of sensitive pop", music journalist
the music. The music was good vibes. The drugs were bad vibes. I had a bad flashback, but we got over it right away." Early in these sessions, the pair were working on "Do You Like Worms?" when they ran into issues reading the handwriting of its lyric sheet. Wilson swiftly phoned Parks, who he had not spoken to in years, and immediately asked what word came after "cheering". Parks requested a lyric sheet to be faxed, and within minutes,
the national church of Scotland respectively. If a church building of either denomination does not currently display the royal arms, permission from the Crown must be given before one can be used. Use of the royal arms and devices for commercial purposes is specifically restricted in the UK (and in countries which are party to the Paris Convention) under sections 4 and 99 of the Trade Marks Act 1994, and its use is governed by the Lord Chamberlain's Office. The
the needs of contemporary participants. Many who sing from these tunebooks, however, are also familiar with the more prominent Sacred Harp editions. These other books include: Less common editions of the Sacred Harp, such as the J. L. White book (1911, last reprinted in 2007) Other historical four-shape tunebooks, such as the Missouri Harmony (last revised in 2005) or Judge Jackson's Colored Sacred Harp (1934, last reprinted in 1993) Seven-shape tunebooks such as The Christian Harmony (last revised in 2010)
the new Kingdom of Ireland, established by Henry VIII, in 1541. A document in the Office of the Ulster King of Arms, from either the late reign of Henry VIII or the early reign his son of Edward VI, states that they were the arms of the kingdom of Ireland. The arms were incorporated into the unified Royal Coats of Arms of England, Ireland and Scotland upon the Union of the Crowns of the three kingdoms in 1603. Upon the
the new kingdom impaled England and Scotland in the first and fourth quarters, representing their union, with France in the second and Ireland in the third. In 1714, the Elector of Hanover, George I, became king, and the arms of Hanover were placed in the fourth quarter. In 1801, Great Britain and Ireland were united to form the United Kingdom; the monarch's claim to the French throne was at the same time dropped, and the French quarter removed from the
the next year and Wilson began pitching for the Augusta GreenJackets. In 26 games, he had a 5–1 record, a 0.82 ERA, 30 strikeouts, and seven walks in 33 innings pitched while notching 13 saves, good for second in the league behind Brett Campbell's 19. His performance with Augusta caused Mark Camps of the San Francisco Chronicle to mention him in his "Minor Report" on May 15. He also pitched for the Norwich Navigators of the double-A Eastern League (posting
the number of Test-playing countries, and partly as cricket boards seek to maximise their revenue. Cricket is, by its nature, capable of generating large numbers of records and statistics. This list details the most significant team and individual records in Test cricket. As of June 2025, the most successful team in Test cricket, in terms of both wins and win percentage, is Australia, having won 419 of their 874 Tests (47.94%). Excluding teams who have only played a small number
the number of bids, click-box bidding, and anonymous bidding in order to prevent bidders from signalling bidding information by embedding it into digits of the bids. Actions within the auction mechanism serve as a communication channel for collusive behavior, once no other channels are legal. This is the practice, especially by high-end art auctioneers, of raising false bids at crucial times in the bidding in order to create the appearance of greater demand or to extend bidding momentum for a
the office of vice president before the next presidential election. This was as opposed to the Keating–Kefauver proposal, which provided processes neither for filling a vacancy in the office of vice president before the next presidential election nor for determining presidential disability. In 1964, the American Bar Association endorsed the type of proposal Bayh and Celler advocated. On January 28, 1965, President Johnson endorsed S.J. Res. 1 in a statement to Congress. The proposal received bipartisan support. The Senate passed
the oldest known form of written Chinese, and is the direct ancestor of modern Chinese characters. The Shang were overthrown by the Zhou, who ruled between the 11th and 5th centuries BCE, though the centralized authority of Son of Heaven was slowly eroded by fengjian lords. Some principalities eventually emerged from the weakened Zhou and continually waged war with each other during the 300-year Spring and Autumn period. By the time of the Warring States period of the 5th–3rd centuries
the one level. Thereafter a 2♣ is a puppet to 2♦, showing a weak ♦ or an invitational hand. A 2♦ bid is game forcing. A 3♣ shows a weak hand. XY Notrump A convention to be used after a sequence like 1X – 1Y – 1NT. Thereafter a 2♣ is a puppet to 2♦, showing a weak ♦ or an invitational hand. A 2♦ bid is game forcing. Also called XY Checkback. XYZ Notrump A convention to be used
the opponents even though it is natural. For example, a partnership that plays Flannery usually agrees that a 1♠ response to a 1♥ opening bid shows five spades. So the 1♠ response to 1♥, while natural, is a treatment because by agreement it shows at least a five card suit. Compare with Convention, in the auction a call that gives or requests information not necessarily related to the denomination named. Trebleton A tripleton. Trial bid See game try. Trial A
the original core geographic area of Sacred Harp singing, northern Alabama and Georgia, the singers did not in general take to the Cooper book, as they felt it deviated too far from the original tradition. Obtaining a new book for these singers was made more difficult by the fact that B. F. White's son James L. White, who would have been the natural choice to prepare a new edition, was a non-traditionalist. His "fifth edition" (1909) won little support among
the original on 22 December 2019. Retrieved 23 December 2019. DK Publishing (2013). The dog encyclopedia: the definitive visual guide. New York: Dorling Kindersley Limited. ISBN 978-1-4654-0844-0. Fogle, Bruce (2009). The encyclopedia of the dog. New York: DK Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7566-6004-8. Gagne, Tammy (2007). Designer dogs. Neptune City, NJ: TFH Publications. ISBN 978-0-7938-3791-5. Hale, Rachael (2008). Dogs:101 adorable breeds. Kansas City: Andrews McMeel Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7407-7342-6. Hall, Derek (2016). The ultimate guide to dog breeds: a useful means of identifying
the other North/South's scores are subtracted from the +620 score and the result entered in the point-differential cells. For each point differential, the IMP look-up table is used to determine the IMPs gained. For example, the differential of 720 equates to 12 IMPs, because it falls in the range of 600 to 740 in the IMP table. Adding the IMPs gained gives a total of 37. To determine the average IMPs gained, divide the total by the number of competitors
the other three players can know the intent of the player who made the bar bid. Thus, the partner must pass, and the opponents must guess. Barometer scoring In a duplicate event, the posting of contestants' running scores after each round. Knowledge of the current standings often adds excitement to the contest, and can affect the strategies adopted by those in a position to win the event. Bath coup A holdup by declarer, to prevent an opponent from continuing a
the partition of British India and the creation of Pakistan, Tikka Khan joined the Pakistan Army as a major in the Pakistan Army's Regiment of Artillery in 1947. His military career progressed well and he got accelerated promotions in the army. In 1949, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel. He worked hard to raise the Medium Regiment in the new army. In 1950–54, he was promoted to colonel and became the deputy director at the directorate of artillery in the
the partner who first names the denomination or strain of the final bid, thus the strain of the contract. During the play, declarer sits across from the dummy and calls for cards from the dummy's hand, or "plays the dummy." Declaring side The side that wins the auction. Deep finesse A finesse against two or more cards. The trade name of a commercially available computer program which performs double dummy hand analysis. Defeat (Said of the contract). To prevent declarer
the passage of the Lex Julia during the reign of Julius Caesar (49–44 BC), and their reaffirmation during the reign of Caesar Augustus (27 BC–14 AD), collegia required the approval of the Roman Senate or the Roman emperor in order to be authorized as legal bodies. Ruins at Lambaesis date the formation of burial societies among Roman Army soldiers and Roman Navy mariners to the reign of Septimius Severus (193–211) in 198 AD. In September 2011, archaeological investigations done at
the past, but subsequently frozen or withdrawn them. Additionally Kosovo is officially recognised as a potential candidate, and submitted a membership application. Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty provides the basis for a member to leave the EU. Two territories have left the union: Greenland (an autonomous province of Denmark) withdrew in 1985; the United Kingdom formally invoked Article 50 of the Consolidated Treaty on European Union in 2017, and became the only sovereign state to leave when it withdrew
the penalties for not making the contract specified by the opposing partnership's last bid, but also increases the reward for making it – or redoubles, or states a contract that their partnership will adopt, which must be higher than the previous highest bid (if any). Eventually, the player who bid the highest contract – which is determined by the contract's level as well as the trump suit or no trump – wins the contract for their partnership. In the example
the period 1770 to 1820 in and around New England, related development under the influence of "revival" services around the 1840s. This music was included in, and became profoundly associated with, books using the shape note style of notation popular in America in the 18th and early 19th centuries. Sacred Harp music is sung a cappella (voice only, without instruments) and originated as Protestant music. The contemporary Sacred Harp tradition includes singers and events in the American South (the historic
the possibility of unauthorized information. Screenmates Opponents who sit on the same side of the screen. Seat Position relative to the dealer: for example, dealer's LHO is said to be in second seat. Second guesser See result merchant. Second hand The player to the left of the player who has led to a trick. Second hand low A precept that advises second hand to play a low card on RHO's lead. See also Third hand high. Section A group of
the potential for further disturbances. Dr. Dre's song, "The Day tha Niggaz Took Over" from his album The Chronic was written as a response to the riots. Other areas where the riots have been influential include literature, theater, and video games. The titular city of the 2004 video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas was modeled after Los Angeles and the acquittal of a corrupt police officer causes riots throughout the city that use the 1992 riots as a reference.
the president created difficulties several times: In 1841, William Henry Harrison died in office. It had previously been suggested that the vice president would become acting president upon the president's death, but Vice President John Tyler asserted that he had succeeded to the presidency, instead of merely assuming its powers and duties; he also declined to acknowledge documents referring to him as "acting president". Although Tyler felt his vice-presidential oath obviated any need for the presidential oath, he was persuaded
the production would make its Canadian premiere on 31 May 2022 as the newly staged one-part version. The Ed Mirvish Theatre underwent significant renovations, which cost an estimated $5 million. The renovations transformed the lobby areas and the auditorium to immerse the audience once they enter the theatre, and to provide audiences with a "more magical space". The Canadian cast was announced on 19 October 2021 and included Trevor White as Harry Potter, Gregory Prest as Ron Weasley, Sarah Afful
the program are unsustainable and China has faced a number of calls for debt relief from debtor nations. The People's Liberation Army (PLA) is considered one of the world's most powerful militaries and has rapidly modernized in the recent decades. Per the principle of "the Party commands the gun," the CCP maintains absolute control of the PLA. It consists of four services: the Ground Force (PLAGF), the Navy (PLAN), the Air Force (PLAAF) and the Rocket Force (PLARF). It also
the protection of people's health, on the consumers' rights, on the safety of food and other products. All EU and many other European countries offer their citizens a free European Health Insurance Card which, on a reciprocal basis, provides insurance for emergency medical treatment insurance when visiting other participating European countries. A directive on cross-border healthcare aims at promoting co-operation on health care between member states and facilitating access to safe and high-quality cross-border healthcare for European patients. The life
the radio station and also read the Declaration of independence on 26 March 1971. He broadcast the announcement of the declaration of independence on behalf of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman: This is Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra. I, Major Ziaur Rahman, at the direction of Bangobondhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, hereby declare that Independent People's Republic of Bangladesh has been established. At his direction, I have taken the command as the temporary Head of the Republic. In the name of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman,
the real hero of The Karate Kid. Towards the end of the episode, a clown in the party wipes off his makeup and reveals himself as Zabka. In 2025, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant." The success of The Karate Kid spawned three more films, including two direct sequels, starting with The Karate Kid Part II in 1986. Picking up where the
the rear windows of vehicles in Rawalpindi, Islamabad and Lahore; this soon spread to the rest of West Pakistan. By October, other stickers proclaimed Hang the Traitor in an apparent reference to Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. From mid October to 20 November, the Indian army conducted multiple incursions into East Pakistani territory, generally withdrawing to India after completing their mission. From 21 November, however, Indian forces with Mukti Bahini support entered East Pakistan and remained there in preparation for a formal
the record tables, a two-year span generally indicates that the record was set within a domestic season in one of the above named countries. List of Afghanistan Test cricket records List of Australia Test cricket records List of Bangladesh Test cricket records List of England Test cricket records List of India Test cricket records List of Ireland Test cricket records List of New Zealand Test cricket records List of Pakistan Test cricket records List of South Africa Test cricket records
the residents, and reported that local resentments about these conditions helped to fuel the riots. But instead of African Americans as victims, the race riots "represent backlash violence in response to recent Latino and Asian immigration into African American neighborhoods". Social commentator Mike Davis points to the growing economic disparity in Los Angeles, caused by corporate restructuring and government deregulation, with inner-city residents bearing the brunt of such changes; such conditions engendered a widespread feeling of frustration and powerlessness in
the resolution twice. In light of the Pakistani atrocities against Bengalis, the United Kingdom and France abstained on the resolution. On 12 December, with Pakistan facing imminent defeat, the United States requested that the Security Council be reconvened. Pakistan's deputy prime minister and foreign minister, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, was rushed to New York City to make the case for a resolution on the ceasefire. The council continued deliberations for four days. By the time proposals were finalized, Pakistan's forces in
the respondents will have multiple beliefs at the same time. For example, of those 33% who believe in buddha, a significant portion also believe in figures such as Taoist immortals, Jesus Christ, Catholic God and Allah. Chinese folk religion also comprises a variety of salvationist doctrinal organized movements which emerged since the Song dynasty. There are also ethnic minorities in China who maintain their own indigenous religions, while major religions characteristic of specific ethnic groups include Tibetan Buddhism among Tibetans,
the return of the Pakistani PoWs. India treated all the PoWs in strict accordance with the Geneva Convention, rule 1925. It released more than 93,000 Pakistani PoWs in five months. Further, as a gesture of goodwill, nearly 200 soldiers who were sought for war crimes by Bengalis were pardoned by India. The accord also gave back 13,000 km2 (5,019 sq mi) of land that Indian troops had seized in West Pakistan during the war, though India retained a few strategic
the rigged 1947 Polish legislative election, which constituted an open breach of the Yalta Agreement. March of that year saw two important developments. First was the signing of the Treaty of Dunkirk between France and the United Kingdom. The treaty assured mutual assistance in the event of future military aggression against either nation. Though it officially named Germany as a threat, in reality the actual concern was for the Soviet Union. A few days later came the announcement of the
the right to a fair trial, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and property rights. However, in practice, these provisions do not afford significant protection against criminal prosecution by the state. Although some criticisms of government policies and the ruling CCP are tolerated, censorship of political speech and information is amongst the harshest in the world and is routinely used to prevent collective action. The government suppresses popular protests and demonstrations that it considers a potential threat to "social stability". China
the riots, sustaining close to $400 million in damages. During the riots, Korean Americans received very little aid or protection from police authorities, due to their low social status and language barriers. Many Koreans rushed to Koreatown after Korean-language radio stations called for volunteers to guard against rioters. Many of the volunteers that helped defend the Korean stores were from an organization called LA Korean Youth Task Force and they went to protect these stores because there were no adult
the same as three undertricks when doubled and vulnerable (200+300+300). In rubber bridge only, a bonus is awarded at the conclusion of the rubber as follows: for a completed rubber, the side which wins the rubber, i.e. is first to win two games, receives a rubber bonus: if the opponents have won no games, i.e. they are not vulnerable, the rubber bonus is 700 points; colloquially known as a 'fast rubber' if the opponents have won one game, i.e. they
the same suit, as a guard. The term is typically used of squeeze play. Merrimac coup The deliberate sacrifice of a high card to remove a vital entry to an opponent's hand, usually the dummy. Named for a ship sunk during the Spanish–American War, to block the entrance to a harbor. Sometimes confused with, and spelled as, the Merrimack, the American Civil War ship that fought the Monitor. See Deschapelles coup. Michaels cue bid By prior agreement, an immediate cue
the season with multiple receiving touchdowns with two against the Green Bay Packers. He had ten receptions for 129 yard and a touchdown in a Week 15 loss to the Carolina Panthers. Overall, he recorded 108 receptions (leading the NFL) for 1,254 yards and eight touchdowns. Rice was selected to the Pro Bowl and First-team All-Pro. With a 12–4 record and making the postseason, San Francisco won in the Wild Card Round against the Philadelphia Eagles 14–0 with Rice scoring
the second and third); 4♥ and 4♠ in the majors (4 tricks × 30 points per trick); 5♣ and 5♦ in the minors (5 tricks × 20 points per trick). Game can also be made via a doubled or redoubled contract: e.g., 2♠ doubled is worth 2 × (2 tricks × 30 points per trick) = 120 points. The pair bidding and making the game is awarded a bonus. See bridge scoring. In rubber bridge and Chicago, a score of
the second time and against the same opponent in the 1990 season, Rice won NFC Offensive Player of the Week. On November 4, against the Green Bay Packers, Rice had a six reception, 181-yard performance with a touchdown. In the following game, against the Dallas Cowboys, he had 12 receptions for 147 yards and one touchdown in the 24–6 victory. In three of the last four games of the regular season, Rice went over 100 receiving yards. Rice had a
the second, lead the ♥2 and when West follows with the ♥9, it is best to finesse the ♥10. When one of the missing honors is the 10 the rule will not apply, as one does not normally finesse for a 10 on the first round. Rule of Two and Three A bidding guide suggested by Ely Culbertson, which counsels preemptors to be within two tricks of their contract if vulnerable, and within three if not. Few players now follow
the security policy started for the Olympic games. The police more frequently conducted mass arrests of African American youth. Citizen complaints against police brutality increased 33 percent in the period 1984–1989. By 1990 more than 50,000 people, mostly minority males, had been arrested in such raids. Critics have stated that the operation was racially motivated because it used racial profiling, targeting African American and Mexican American youths. The perception that police had targeted non-white citizens likely contributed to the anger
the seller sets the reserve price (if desired), while the auctioneer sets the minimum bid. Sealed bid – a submitted bid whose value is unknown to competitors. Sniping – the act of placing a bid just before the end of a timed auction, thus giving other bidders no time to enter new bids. Soft close – When a bidder places a bid in the last set amount of minutes and the auction is automatically extended for a set period of
the senseless and brutal beating of a helpless man. Today, that jury said we should tolerate such conduct by those sworn to protect and serve. My friends, I am here to tell this jury, "No. No, our eyes did not deceive us. We saw what we saw, what we saw was a crime..." We must not endanger the reforms we have achieved by resorting to mindless acts. We must not push back progress by striking back blindly. Assistant Los Angeles
the series gave the false implication that the Duke was banished from the royal family upon publication. In reality, the Duke remained in contact with his family, and his public appearances continued. The depiction of the relationship between the American First Lady Jackie Kennedy and the royal family also drew criticism as inaccurate; reports from the time indicate that she had described Prince Philip as "nice but nervous", with no real bond between them. The implication that the Queen visited
the series' beginning. After using karate to defend his teenage neighbor Miguel Diaz from a group of high school bullies, Johnny re-opens Cobra Kai to train the young man in self-defense. The revived dojo attracts a group of bullied social outcasts who find camaraderie and self-confidence under Johnny's tutelage. The reopening of Cobra Kai rekindles Johnny's old rivalry with Daniel, who subsequently responds by opening the Miyagi-do dojo with Sam and Robby, leading to a rivalry between the respective dojos.
the session by the use of boards. The "dealer" who will make the first call is identified by a mark on the physical board, commonly the word "dealer". Deck The 52 cards used in bridge. Declaration The contract in which a hand is played. Declarative–Interrogative D–I. Declarer Of the partnership that makes the final bid in the auction, declarer is the partner who first names the denomination or strain of the final bid, thus the strain of the contract. During
the share living with an income of less than $3.20 per day from 90.0% to 2.9%, and the share living with an income of less than $5.50 per day decreased from 98.3% to 17.0%. Per capita incomes have risen significantly – when the PRC was founded in 1949, per capita income in China was one-fifth of the world average; per capita incomes now equal the world average itself. China's development is highly uneven; its major cities and coastal areas are
the situation when it is critical to show length in a side suit and it will be too late if defenders wait until that suit is played. Then, the play in the first declarer played suit is a count signal regarding the critical suit and not the trump suit itself. In fact, any signal made about a suit in another suit might be called as such. Every call (including "pass", also sometimes called "no bid") serves two purposes. It confirms
the song "Sweep the Leg" by No More Kings stars William Zabka (who also directed the video) as a caricature of himself as Johnny Lawrence, and features references to The Karate Kid (1984), including cameo appearances by Zabka's former co-stars. In a 2010 interview, Zabka jokingly discussed this video in the context of his vision that Johnny was the true hero of the film. Next in June 2010, Ralph Macchio appeared in Funny or Die's online short, "Wax On, F*ck
the southern United States in the late 19th century had a style that mixed traditions of 17th century England with chants of slaves from Africa. The development of the internet has led to a significant rise in the use of auctions, as auctioneers can solicit bids via the internet from a wide range of buyers in a much larger variety of commodities than was previously practical. In the 1990s, the multi-attribute auction was invented to negotiate extensive conditions of construction
the street and brutally beat him, but Mr. Miyagi intervenes and easily defeats them. Amazed, Daniel asks Mr. Miyagi to teach him karate. He declines but agrees to accompany Daniel to Cobra Kai to resolve the conflict. They meet the sensei, John Kreese, an ex-Special Forces Vietnam veteran who callously dismisses the peace offering. Miyagi then proposes that Daniel enter the Under 18 All-Valley Karate Championships, thereby compete against Kreese's students on equal terms, and requests that the bullying cease
the studio later opted for William Zabka. After his audition, Zabka saw Macchio, who noted that Zabka scared him during his audition to the studio. When he was cast, Zabka was a wrestler with no previous training in karate. Zabka later recalled his audition, saying he was told to act out a scene from the script, while wearing a headband. He walked up to and grabbed John Avildsen, and said "Watch your mouth asshole!" He then exited the room and
the style of Beach Boys' Party!; Wilson sat on a stool surrounded by his supporting band, who provided additional vocals, two guitars, bongos, and an occasional flute or harmonica part. Smile followed the intermission. When Smile completed its debut, Wilson received a ten-minute standing ovation before he was able to invite Parks, who was in tears, onstage. According to Sahanaja, "the standing ovation was indescribable. I had never seen anything like it as an audience member or a performer. [...]
the substance. The claims were rebutted by Pro Football Hall of Fame members Cris Carter and Michael Irvin. Rice retracted his claim shortly thereafter and said that he "never used Stickum." Rice was selected for induction in the Pro Football Hall of Fame class of 2010 in his first year of eligibility. He was inducted in Canton, Ohio, on August 7, 2010, alongside Emmitt Smith, Floyd Little, Russ Grimm, Rickey Jackson, Dick LeBeau, and John Randle. On September 20, 2010,
the sympathy, assistance, and inter-cooperation of all Muslim nations, including Pakistan. The regions that comprise today's Iran and Pakistan have been under the rule of contiguous Eurasian polities at various points in history, as Pakistan straddles an intermediary zone between the Iranian Plateau and Indian subcontinent. The Persian Achaemenid Empire, which spanned (among other regions) the area between the Balkans and the area of the Indus River (known to the Persians as Hind) at its height, conquered the regions comprising
the team, and helped lead them to an appearance in Super Bowl XXXVII, where they were defeated by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, affecting Rice's previously unblemished Super Bowl record. Midway through 2004, the Raiders traded him to the Seahawks, where he spent his final season. He briefly signed with the Broncos, retiring shortly before the start of the 2005 regular season. Rice is the career leader in most major statistical categories for wide receivers, including receptions, receiving touchdowns, receiving yards,
the terms of his parole. The footage of King being beaten by police became an instant focus of media attention and a rallying point for activists in Los Angeles and around the United States. Coverage was extensive during the first two weeks after the incident: the Los Angeles Times published 43 articles about it, The New York Times published 17 articles, and the Chicago Tribune published 11 articles. Eight stories appeared on ABC News, including a 60-minute special on Primetime
the territory won in this battle after the Simla Agreement. On 4 December, a Pakistani unit from the 18 Infantry Division commanded by Maj Gen B. M. Mustafa headed by Brig. Tariq Mir and Brig Jahanzeb Abab advanced towards the Rajasthan town of Longewala. The town was held by an outnumbered Infantry Company under Major K. S. Chandapuri and few border guards but had heavy IAF support. This company held several anti-tank guns, cannons and howitzers. The initial Pakistani armored
the threat posed by the USS Enterprise task force in the Indian Ocean. As the war progressed, it became apparent to the United States that India was going to invade and disintegrate Pakistan in a matter of weeks, therefore President Nixon spoke with the USSR General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev on a hotline on 10 December, where Nixon reportedly urged Brezhnev to restrain India as he quoted: "in the strongest possible terms to restrain India with which ... you [Brezhnev] have
the three friends make their way through the trapdoor. They traverse through obstacles put in place by the school's professors, but ultimately only Harry can proceed. In the final room, Harry once more finds the Mirror of Erised, which materializes the Philosopher's Stone into his pocket. He is confronted by Professor Quirinus Quirrell under the command of Voldemort, who has manifested as a face on the back of Quirrell's head and tries to kill Harry for the Stone, but the
the time of partition. On 17 April 1971, a provisional government was formed in Meherpur District in western Bangladesh bordering India with Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, who was in prison in Pakistan, as president, Syed Nazrul Islam as acting president, Tajuddin Ahmad as prime minister, and General Muhammad Ataul Ghani Osmani as commander-in-chief, Bangladesh Forces. As fighting grew between the occupation army and the Bengali Mukti Bahini, an estimated 10 million Bengalis sought refuge in the Indian states of Assam and
the time of the announcement, author J. K. Rowling revealed that the play would "explore the previously untold story of Harry's early years as an orphan and outcast". The following May, Rowling began establishing the creative team for the project. On 26 June 2015, it was revealed it would receive its world premiere in mid-2016 at London's Palace Theatre. The announcement marked the eighteenth anniversary of the publication of the first Harry Potter novel, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone,
the title sounded like a boys' book to him and he believed boys preferred books by male authors. Rowling therefore adopted the pen name J. K. Rowling just before publication. In June 1997, Bloomsbury published Philosopher's Stone with an initial print run of 500 copies in hardback, three hundred of which were distributed to libraries. Her original name, "Joanne Rowling", can be found on the copyright page of all British editions until September 1999. (The 1998 first American edition would
the transmission building was attacked by Pakistani Sabre jets on 30 March 1971. It resumed broadcasting on 3 April from Tripura, aided by the Indian Border Security Force. The clandestine station was finally shifted to Kolkata, where it was joined by a large number of Bangladeshi radio programmers, newscasters, poets, singers and journalists. Its jurisdiction was transferred to the provisional Bangladesh government-in-exile, and made its first broadcast on 25 May, the anniversary of the birth of poet Kazi Nazrul Islam
the traveller. All players return their own cards to the board, and the next deal is played. On the prior hand, it is quite possible that the ♣K is held by West. For example, by swapping the ♣K and ♥A between the defending hands. Then the 4♥ contract would fail by one trick (unless West had led a club early in the play). The failure of the contract would not mean that 4♥ was a bad contract on this hand.
the twenty second series in 2015. Under them, the show had an estimated worldwide audience of 350 million, and listed by Guinness World Records as the highest-viewed factual television programme. Due to several incidents involving Clarkson, the BBC chose not to renew Clarkson's contract with the show in March 2015. Both May and Hammond affirmed they would not return to Top Gear without Clarkson, even though the BBC offered them lucrative salaries to remain on for additional series. Along with
the two bridge variations both in score and in type (for example, rubber bridge awards a bonus for holding a certain combination of high cards), although some are common between the two. A larger bonus is awarded if the declaring side makes a small slam or grand slam, a contract of 12 or 13 tricks respectively. If the declaring side is not vulnerable, a small slam gets 500 points, and a grand slam 1000 points. If the declaring side is
the two groups caused by wider market forces as with cultural misunderstandings and anger about the killing of Latasha Harlins. Davis wrote that the 1992 Los Angeles Riots were still remembered over 20 years later and that not many changes had yet occurred; conditions of economic inequality, lack of jobs available for Black and Latino youth, and civil liberty violations by law enforcement had remained largely unaddressed years later. Davis described this as a "conspiracy of silence", especially in view
the unity of Pakistan from being the largest Muslim country in the world to its politico-economic and military collapse that resulted from a direct foreign intervention by India in 1971. Pakistani policy-makers further feared that the two-nation theory had been disproved by the war, that Muslim nationalism had proved insufficient to keep Bengalis a part of Pakistan. The Pakistani people were not mentally prepared to accept the magnitude of this kind of defeat, as the state media had been projecting
the unlawfulness of discrimination liable to cause harm to non-unionized employees." In the United Kingdom, previous to this EU jurisprudence, a series of laws introduced during the 1980s by Margaret Thatcher's government restricted closed and union shops. All agreements requiring a worker to join a union are now illegal. In the United States, the Taft–Hartley Act of 1947 outlawed the closed shop. In 2006, the European Court of Human Rights found Danish closed-shop agreements to be in breach of Article
the upper houses of state legislatures for fixed terms, and not merely inherited for life. It was hoped they would provide abler deliberation and greater stability than the House of Representatives due to the senators' status. Those in favor of popular elections for senators believed two primary problems were caused by the original provisions: legislative corruption and electoral deadlocks. There was a sense that senatorial elections were "bought and sold", changing hands for favors and sums of money rather than
the use of studio segments between pre-recorded films. The following is a list of episodes, listed in order of their original air date, along with information regarding featured cars that were reviewed and the main feature of the episode; for the second series only, the list also includes the celebrity guests who appeared on the programme. The Grand Tour conducted its studio segments via a travelling tent for the first series only, information pertaining its location is briefly described within
the victorious Sheikh Mujibur Rahman from East Pakistan, leading to mass protests in the provincial wing and a call for sovereignty. On 25 March 1971, Khan ordered Operation Searchlight in an effort to suppress Bengali nationalism, which led to the Bangladesh Liberation War. Khan is considered a chief architect of the Bangladesh genocide along with his deputies Hamid Khan and Tikka Khan. In December 1971, Pakistan carried out unsuccessful pre-emptive strikes against the Bengali-allied Indian Army, culminating in the start
the war and to justify military action by India. Also, following Pakistan's defeat, it ensured prompt recognition of the newly independent state of Bangladesh. Though the United Nations condemned the human rights violations during and following Operation Searchlight, it failed to defuse the situation politically before the start of the war. After India entered the war, Pakistan, fearing certain defeat, made urgent appeals to the United Nations to intervene and force India to agree to a ceasefire. The UN Security
the war, with the US displaying an inability to supply weapons that Pakistan needed the most. In January 1972, Pakistan under Bhutto launched the clandestine development of nuclear weapons with a view to "never to allow[ing] another foreign invasion of Pakistan." As a result of the war, East Pakistan became an independent country, Bangladesh, as the world's fourth most populous Muslim state on 16 December 1971. West Pakistan, now just Pakistan, secured the release of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman from the
the winner of the World Zonal Open Team Championship, the most prestigious in bridge. More commonly the term refers to the competition itself, a biennial two-week tournament among open teams that have qualified in their geographic zones. Bid A specification of both level and denomination or strain, such as three notrump or four hearts. While any legal bid constitutes a potential contract, some bids carry special coded meanings when used by the partnership as a conventional bid and as such
the words "In nomine patris" ("In the name of the father"), and on his right wrist he has a Celtic cross with lettering that says "All Honor To Him" in Gaelic; both of these tattoos symbolize his Christian faith. Finally, he has Japanese Kanji characters on his arm, which symbolize his faith; they say, "Father. Son. Eternal Strength." Wilson has enjoyed a great deal of media attention during his career. He once had a locally produced, self-filmed reality show called
the world's most in-demand streaming television show during May 2018. Parrot Analytics later reported that the second season of Cobra Kai was the world's most in-demand digital television show during April and through May 2019. As of September 2020, the season 1 premiere has over 90 million views, and the season 2 premiere has over 86 million views. After the series moved to Netflix in August 2020, season 1 and season 2 of Cobra Kai became the most-watched series on
theatre productions. This special adaptation premiered in the UK at the Riverside School, Barking; in Canada at St. Joseph's Catholic High School, St Thomas, Ontario; and in the U.S. at Hoboken High School, A production was later mounted at Brighton College in January 2025 On 12 December 2024, it was announced that Harry Potter and the Cursed Child will open in the Netherlands in 2026, with performances in Dutch as the one-part version. The show is expected to open on
their 2007 album On the Fly. The expression was paraphrased by a punning New York Times headline Erin go broke, written by economist Paul Krugman, referring to the post-2008 Irish financial crisis. In the 2009 film The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day Norman Reedus's character Murphy MacManus phrases it as: "It's Irish for, 'you're fucked.'" "Erin go Bragh" (1943) is also a rhapsody for brass band, composed by Joan Trimble (1915–2000) Peadar Kearney, author of the Irish national anthem,
their dealers. Proxy bid (also called an absentee bid) – a bid placed by an authorized representative of a bidder who is not physically present at the auction. Proxy bids are common in auctions of high-end items, such as art sales (where the proxy represents either a private bidder who does not want to be disclosed to the public, or a museum bidding on a particular item for its collection). If the proxy is outbid on an item during the
their governors to make temporary appointments until a special election can be held. The amendment was proposed by the 62nd Congress in 1912 and became part of the Constitution upon ratification by three-quarters (36) of the state legislatures: on April 8, 1913. Sitting senators were not affected until their existing terms expired. The transition began with two special elections in Georgia and in Maryland, then in earnest with the November 1914 election; it was complete on March 4, 1919, when
their multi-platinum third album So Much for the Afterglow, containing "Father of Mine" and "I Will Buy You a New Life". October 13 – The "Prince Igor" single, jointly performed by The Rhapsody, Warren G and Sissel Kyrkjebø is released. October 15 – Michael Jackson ends the HIStory World Tour, which included an attendance record of 4,500,000 fans, in Durban, South Africa. October 22 – Namie Amuro shocks her fans when she announces that she has recently married and is
their nations became much less likely. In parallel with Schuman, the Pleven Plan of 1951 tried but failed to tie the institutions of the developing European community under the European Political Community, which was to include the also proposed European Defence Community, an alternative to West Germany joining NATO which was established in 1949 under the Truman Doctrine. In 1954 the Modified Brussels Treaty transformed the Western Union into the Western European Union (WEU). West Germany eventually joined both the
their negotiations and functioning. Originating in the United Kingdom, trade unions became popular in many countries during the Industrial Revolution when employment (rather than subsistence farming) became the primary mode of earning a living. Trade unions may be composed of individual workers, professionals, past workers, students, apprentices or the unemployed. Trade union density, or the percentage of workers belonging to a trade union, is highest in the Nordic countries. Since the publication of the History of Trade Unionism (1894) by
their oil, 57 per cent of their natural gas and 97.48 per cent of their uranium demands. The three largest suppliers of natural gas to the European Union are Russia, Norway and Algeria, that amounted for about three quarters of the imports in 2019. There is a strong dependence on Russian energy that the EU has been attempting to reduce. In May 2022, it was reported that the European Union was preparing another sanction against Russia over its invasion of
their own annual All-Day singings. Elsewhere in Germany, singers meet irregularly in Frankfurt, Gießen and Nürnberg. Recently groups have started up in Amsterdam, Paris and Clermont-Ferrand, Oslo, Norway, and Uppsala, Sweden. Both the Swedish and Norwegian groups have arranged all-day singings; the 10th Oslo All-Day Singing will be June 2026, 5.- 7. Regular singings also take place in Israel, and in April 2016, an all-day singing was held in Paris, France. Sacred Harp singing appears as diegetic music in the
their pride in Irish identity. In the late 19th century, the Edinburgh football club Hibernian F.C. adopted Erin Go Bragh as their motto and it adorned their shirts accordingly. Founded in 1875 by Edinburgh Irishmen and the local Catholic Church, St Patrick's, the club's shirts included a gold harp set on a green background. The flag can still be seen at Hibernian matches to this day. In 1887, a gaelic games club was set up in Clonsilla, Dublin under the
their respective father figures. Cobra Kai attained high viewership on both YouTube and Netflix, and received critical acclaim for its writing, performances, action sequences, humor, character development, and faithfulness to the films. It received numerous awards and nominations, with the third season being nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series at the 73rd Primetime Emmy Awards. Beginning in 2017, thirty-three years after being defeated by Daniel LaRusso in the 1984 All-Valley Karate Tournament at the end of The Karate Kid (1984), Johnny
their songs on a phonograph, then working to recreate the blended sounds note by note on the keyboard. In high school, Wilson played quarterback for Hawthorne High's football team, played American Legion Baseball,, and ran cross-country in his senior year. At 15, he briefly worked part-time sweeping at a jewelry store, his only paid employment before his success in music. He also cleaned for his father's machining company, ABLE, on weekends. He auditioned to sing for the Original Sound Record
them becoming desensitized to the beating's violence, as the defense played the videotape repeatedly in slow motion, breaking it down until its emotional impact was lost. Outside the Simi Valley courthouse where the acquittals were delivered, county sheriff's deputies protected Stacey Koon from angry protesters on the way to his car. Movie director John Singleton, who was in the crowd at the courthouse, predicted, "By having this verdict, what these people done, they lit the fuse to a bomb." The
them in the woods; and in winter, he would have Brian spend seven hours shoveling snow on weekends. Brian said in a 2011 interview, "I think that's how you need to be raised. It's not your friend, it's your dad. And he's going to be strict. And one day you're going to understand why. And sometimes, it's a little too late. They might pass away, and you might not get that chance to say thanks or understand why you did
them to devise their own parts. Bassist Carol Kaye recounted that the group "were in awe of Brian", while guitarist Jerry Cole recalled that he and his fellow players "would walk out of Brian's sessions shaking our heads, saying, 'This son of a bitch is either crazy, or he's an absolute genius.'" Having played under both producers, he felt Wilson was "far superior intellectually and musically" to Spector and "a world apart". Keyboardist Don Randi similarly expressed admiration for Wilson's
them, 37.8% were married couples living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.03. In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to
themselves killed about 150,000 non-Bengalis living in the East. There had been reports of Bengali insurgents indiscriminately killing non-Bengalis throughout the East; however, neither side provided substantial proofs for their claims and both Bangladeshi and Pakistani figures contradict each other over this issue. Bihari representatives in June 1971 claimed a higher figure of 500,000 killed by Bengalis. In 2010, the Awami League's government decided to set up a tribunal to prosecute the people involved in alleged war crimes and those
then run the side suit. Top Playing matchpoints, the highest score achieved on a board. Top of nothing The lead of a high spot card from a suit that contains no honor card. Top trick A card that can take a trick on a given hand. See Winner. Total tricks The sum of the number of tricks that each partnership can take, with its longest combined suit as trump. See Law of Total tricks. Touching Adjacent. Both cards and suits
theoretical maximum: 100% would mean that the partnership achieved the best score on every single hand. In practice, a result of 60% or 65% is likely to win the tournament or come close. In a Mitchell movement (see above) the overall scores are usually compared separately for North–South pairs and for East–West pairs, so that there is one winner in each group (unless arrow-switching has been applied - see above). In board-a-match team game, the matchpoints are calculated using a
there are some newer apolitical "discount" unions who offer a very basic level of services, as opposed to the dominating Danish pattern of extensive services and organizing. In contrast, in several European countries (e.g. Belgium, Denmark, the Netherlands and Switzerland), religious unions have existed for decades. These unions typically distanced themselves from some of the doctrines of orthodox Marxism, such as the preference of atheism and from rhetoric suggesting that employees' interests always are in conflict with those of employers.
there is no rule of law in the books, as the actions of Ministry of Magic officials are unconstrained by laws, accountability or any kind of legal challenge. This provides Voldemort an opportunity to offer his own horrific version of order. As a side-effect, Harry and Hermione, who were brought up in the rigidly regulated Muggle world, find solutions by thinking in ways unfamiliar to wizards. For example, Hermione notes that one obstacle to finding the Philosopher's Stone is a
there was a call of "no trumps" (biritch); dealer's partner's hand became dummy; points were scored above and below the line; game was 3NT, 4♥ and 5♦ (although 8 club odd tricks and 15 spade odd tricks were needed); the score could be doubled and redoubled; and there were slam bonuses. It also has some features in common with solo whist. This game, and variants of it known as "bridge" and "bridge whist", became popular in the United States and
they had separated. Around then, he gradually became romantically involved with singer Marilyn Rovell, whom he had met in August 1962. Inspired by a remark from Marilyn's older sister Diane, Wilson wrote "Don't Hurt My Little Sister" (1965) about his early relationship with Marilyn. Wilson and Marilyn were married in December 1964. They had two daughters, Carnie and Wendy (born 1968 and 1969, respectively), who later had musical success as two-thirds of the group Wilson Phillips. His daughters inspired his
they were already widespread in cities such as London. Workplace militancy had also manifested itself as Luddism and had been prominent in struggles such as the 1820 Rising in Scotland, in which 60,000 workers went on a general strike, which was soon crushed. Sympathy for the plight of the workers brought repeal of the acts in 1824, although the Combination Act 1825 restricted their activity to bargaining for wage increases and changes in working hours. By the 1810s, the first
they were involved with the 9/11 attacks. In April 2001, the Secretary of the Supreme National Security Council Hassan Rowhani paid a state visit to Pakistan and met with Pervez Musharraf and his cabinet. During this visit, Iran and Pakistan agreed to put their differences aside and agree on a broad-based government for Afghanistan. Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi paid a two-day visit to Islamabad from 29 to 30 November 2001. Kharazi met with Pakistani Foreign Minister Abdul Sattar and
they worked because Rowling enjoys a quick giggle and then moves briskly forward. Nicholas Tucker described the early Harry Potter books as looking back to Victorian and Edwardian children's stories: Hogwarts was an old-style boarding school in which the teachers addressed pupils formally by their surnames and were most concerned with the reputations of the houses with which they were associated; characters' personalities were plainly shown by their appearances, starting with the Dursleys; evil or malicious characters were to be
think Noelle was genuine, she was at that point afraid of going through the auction due to all the press coverage. Noelle went back to her studies, and the escort agency said despite getting more inquiries, it was done with trying to auction virgins, saying "once was enough". In October 2012, it was reported that 20-year-old Brazilian Catarina Migliorini was selling her virginity, as a part of a planned documentary called Virgins Wanted by Australian director Justin Sisely. A male,
thinking in ways unfamiliar to wizards. For example, Hermione notes that one obstacle to finding the Philosopher's Stone is a test of logic rather than magical power, and that most wizards have no chance of solving it. Nel suggested that the unflattering characterisation of the dully conventional, status-conscious, materialistic Dursleys was Rowling's reaction to the family policies of the British government in the early 1990s, which treated the married heterosexual couple as the "preferred norm", at a time when the
thirteen episodes, the series abandoned the karate tournament motif and followed Daniel and Miyagi, voiced by Joey Dedio and Robert Ito, respectively, in an adventure/quest setting. A sequel live-action television series, Cobra Kai, debuted in 2018. Created by Josh Heald, Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg, it stars Macchio and Zabka, who reprise their roles as LaRusso and Lawrence, respectively. Set 34 years later, Cobra Kai re-examines the "Miyagi-Verse" narrative from Johnny's point of view, his decision to reopen the Cobra
this hand, the trump ace, a spade, and a diamond trick must be lost, so declarer must not lose a trick in clubs. If the ♣K is held by West, South will find it very hard to prevent it from making a trick (unless West leads a club). There is an almost equal chance that it is held by East, in which case it can be trapped against the ace, and will be beaten, using a tactic known as a
those with religious upbringing, those who left school at 15 or 16, and those "positioning themselves on the right of the political scale". Basic education is an area where the EU's role is limited to supporting national governments. In higher education, the policy was developed in the 1980s in programmes supporting exchanges and mobility. The most visible of these has been the Erasmus Programme, a university exchange programme which began in 1987. In its first 20 years, it supported international
thought it was too long at about 90,000 words. Barry Cunningham, who was building a portfolio of distinctive fantasies by new authors for Bloomsbury Children's Books, recommended accepting the book and the eight-year-old daughter of Bloomsbury's chief executive said it was "so much better than anything else". After it was accepted by Bloomsbury, she obtained a grant of £8,000 from the Scottish Arts Council, which enabled her to plan the sequels. Bloomsbury accepted the book, paying Rowling a £2,500 advance
thought. Kissinger describes China's belief that they are the centre of the world and exemplify the paradigm of civilisation. Kissinger examines the domestic and international hardships of China which presaged the development of the People's Republic of China. Zachary Keck from E-International Relations wrote "This helps convey the continuity in Chinese foreign policy that, to some degree, hints that there is some predictability in Beijing's actions". Kissinger introduces Mao Zedong's ideologies, aspiration and tactics and his quest for psychological advantage.
threat by sending the submarine PNS Ghazi, which sank off the coast of Visakhapatnam, due to an internal explosion, though whether this was triggered by Indian depth charges, diving to avoid them or some other reason has never been established. Due to a high number of defections, the Navy relied on deploying the Pakistan Marines, led by Rear Admiral Leslie Mungavin, where they had to conduct riverine operations against the Indian Army, but they too suffered major losses, mainly due
threat, in reality the actual concern was for the Soviet Union. A few days later came the announcement of the Truman Doctrine which pledged American support for democracies to counter the Soviets. Immediately following the February 1948 coup d'état by the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, the London Six-Power Conference was held, resulting in the Soviet boycott of the Allied Control Council and its incapacitation, an event marking the beginning of the Cold War. The year 1948 marked the beginning of
threats to export Iranian revolutionary sentiment fuelled tensions between Pakistan's Sunnis and Shi'as. The rising militancy among Shi'a Muslims in neighbouring countries such as Iraq (such as the Hezbollah Movement in Iraq and Badr Brigades), Lebanon (such as Hezbollah), and Afghanistan (Tehran Eight and Abuzar Brigade), inspired by revolutionary Iran, had left many Sunni Muslims in Pakistan feeling deeply threatened. Pakistani President Zia-ul-Haq, despite his pro-Saudi, pro-Sunni and anti-Shi'a sentiments, had to manage his country's security carefully, knowing that Pakistan
three more films, including two direct sequels, starting with The Karate Kid Part II in 1986. Picking up where the first film left off, the film sees Daniel accompany Miyagi on a trip to Okinawa, where he is reunited with loved ones and is challenged by an old adversary. Although a commercial success, it received mixed reviews. The Karate Kid Part III followed in 1989, which saw Kreese seek revenge on Daniel and Miyagi with the help of new allies.
three weeks. It also reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart. It sold over two and a half million copies, and was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA. At 19 years old, Spector had written, arranged, played, sung, and produced the best-selling record in the country. Although subsequent releases by the Teddy Bears on the Imperial label were well-recorded soft pop, they did not sell, and within a year of the debut, Spector disbanded the group. Their demise
through August 17, the longest streak by a Giant since Robb Nen had 28 straight in 2000. Wilson was named to the All-Star Game after leading the NL in saves with 25 in the first half of the season. He gave up no hits and struck out one in 2⁄3 innings in a 4–3 loss to the American League. He continued to lead the league in saves until José Valverde passed him at the end of August. Despite posting a
through raids and ambush. Cripple economic activity by hitting power stations, railway lines, storage depots and communication networks. Destroy Pakistan Army mobility by blowing up bridges/culverts, fuel depots, trains and river crafts. The strategic objective was to make the Pakistanis spread their forces inside the province, so attacks could be made on isolated Pakistani detachments. Bangladesh was divided into eleven sectors in July, each with a commander chosen from defected officers of the Pakistani army who joined the Mukti Bahini
throughout the season. On July 27, Marlins' manager Edwin Rodríguez complained that the shoes were too bright. Wilson received a $1,000 fine from MLB the next day, and he responded by coloring half of the shoes black with a marker. He said afterwards, "The fact that he (Rodríguez) thinks these shoes throw 97–100 with cut might be a little far-fetched. I guess we should probably have these checked for performance-enhancing cleats." He also stated that he was punished "for having
time limit for Congress to reach a decision. On July 6, after a conference committee ironed out differences between the versions, the amendment's final version passed both houses of Congress and was presented to the states for ratification. Nebraska was the first state to ratify the amendment, on July 12, 1965. Ratification became complete when Nevada became the 38th state to ratify it, on February 10, 1967. When President Lyndon B. Johnson underwent planned surgery in 1965, he was unable
time. Genocide is the term still used to describe the event in almost every major publication and newspaper in Bangladesh, although in Pakistan, the accusations against Pakistani forces continue to be disputed. Following Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's declaration of independence in March 1971, a worldwide campaign was undertaken by the Provisional Government of Bangladesh to drum up political support for the independence of East Pakistan as well as humanitarian support for the Bengali people. Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi provided extensive
time. Prior to this year, the ceremony had only been held in New York City. May 11 – The Spice Girls perform their first British live gig for the Prince's Trust 21st anniversary concert at the Manchester Opera House. They break royal protocol by kissing the Prince of Wales (now Charles III) on the cheeks and even pinching his bottom. May 15 – The Spice Girls' album Spice reaches number one on the US charts, making them the first British
timeline. After Ron states he saw Albus and Scorpius with Delphi, Harry and Draco confront Amos and discover Delphi had bewitched him into thinking she was his niece. Delphi takes the boys to the final challenge of the Triwizard Tournament, but Albus and Scorpius foil her plans, and Delphi uses the Time-Turner again to travel farther back in time. She inadvertently takes the boys with her and destroys the Time-Turner to leave them stranded in time. Searching Delphi's room, Harry,
times in the bidding in order to create the appearance of greater demand or to extend bidding momentum for a work on offer. To call out these nonexistent bids auctioneers might fix their gaze at a point in the auction room that is difficult for the audience to pin down. The practice is frowned upon in the industry. In the United States, chandelier bidding is not illegal. In fact, an auctioneer may bid up the price of an item to
title. The first of these was compiled by John Hoyt Hickok and printed in Lewistown, Pennsylvania in 1832. The second was compiled by Lowell and Timothy Mason and printed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1834, as part of the "better music" movement mentioned above. The publisher released their book as a shape note edition, while they preferred to urbanize their audience by releasing a round note edition. The third Sacred Harp was the one by B. F. White and E. J.
to 27 cm (8.7 to 10.6 in) for females. The Coton de Tuléar Club of America standard specifies the weight as no more than 18 lb (8.2 kg), with the average being between 11 and 15 lb (5.0 and 6.8 kg). The standard height is 9 to 13 in (23 to 33 cm), except for the rare Tall Coton, which is 15 to 17 in (38 to 43 cm) tall. The long-limbed Tall Coton shows up in all three color
to 28 August 1938. An infantry officer from the 4th/10th Baluch Regiment (4th Battalion of 10th Baluch Regiment, later amalgamated with the modern and current form of Baloch Regiment, 'Baloch' was spelled as 'Baluch' in Yahya's time), Yahya saw action during World War II in North Africa where he was captured by the Axis Forces in June 1942 and interned in a prisoner of war camp in Italy from where he escaped in the third attempt. Yahya Khan served in
to 4,000 troops) of the California Army National Guard continued to move into the city in Humvees; eventually 10,000 Army National Guard troops were activated. That same day, 1,000 federal tactical officers from different agencies across California were dispatched to L.A. to protect federal facilities and assist local police. Later that evening, Bush addressed the country, denouncing "random terror and lawlessness". He summarized his discussions with Mayor Bradley and Governor Wilson and outlined the federal assistance he was making available
to Codes of Conduct and the EU Staff Regulations (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 2, p. 16). While public ethics instruments exist in almost all EU institutions, there is less evidence that ethics constitutes an integrated feature of day-to-day EU policymaking, a concept defined by scholars as "ethical governance" (Michelle Cini and Andreea Năstase, Chapter 3, p. 49). Historically, the system's enforcement mechanisms have faced severe structural limitations, notably high fragmentation, limited independence, and weak sanctioning powers (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 2, p.
to East Pakistan and gathered strength, adding to a tense political climate that had worsened following President Ayub Khan's implementation of the 1966 Tashkent Agreement and sacking of Foreign Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Ayub Khan tried to quell the revolt by making concessions to opposition groups including the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) and the Awami League (AL), but demonstrations continued. Rather than resigning and allowing a constitutional transfer of power, Ayub Khan requested that Yahya Khan, Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
to IMPs using the standard IMP table below. The purpose of the IMP table, which has sublinear dependency on differences, is to reduce results occurring from large swings. The score that is being compared against can be obtained in the following ways: In team events, it is the score from the teammates' table In pair events, it can be: The datum score, most often calculated as the average score on board, excluding a number of top and bottom results. Sometimes,
to Iran and less than $1 million of imports for the year to April 2015. In 2011, the trade between Iran and Pakistan stood at less than $1 billion and the common geographical borders, as well as religious affinities, are among other factors, which give impetus to an enhanced level of trade. According to the media reports, Iran is the second-largest market of Basmati rice of Pakistan, ranking after Iraq. In 2023, Iran and Pakistan opened their first border market.
to Ireland and none ever accompanies the coat of arms. The arms of the four traditional provinces of Ireland are popularly displayed quartered as arms of Ireland. The quartering is usually in the order Leinster first, Connacht second, Ulster third and Munster fourth. The resulting arms are frequently displayed in the form of a banner. They also appear as charges in other arms and emblems. For example, the arms of the Genealogical Office, which is headed by the Chief Herald
to Korea, Vietnam, Burma and Cambodia, whilst financing the training of insurgents in other countries, exhibited parallel aggression to the Soviet Union. Additionally, the review deplored Kissinger's examination of Chinese leadership, saying that Kissinger accepted what Chinese leaders said and did at face value without challenge. Becker declared Kissinger "has no curiosity at all: he never looks behind the curtain". He believes the "Chinese couldn't believe their luck in finding such a naive and biddable partner as Kissinger". World Order
to Lawrence's neglect as a parent. In contrast, Daniel is now the wealthy owner of a car dealership chain - "Larusso Auto Group" - and is married to co-owner Amanda with whom he has two children: Sam and Anthony. However, Daniel often struggles to meaningfully connect with his children especially after his friend and mentor Mr. Miyagi died prior to the series' beginning. After using karate to defend his teenage neighbor Miguel Diaz from a group of high school bullies,
to The Grand Tour's "Eboladrome" test track at OpenStreetMap Geographic data related to The Grand Tour's Enstone gravel test track at OpenStreetMap Quotations related to The Grand Tour at Wikiquote
to Victory. Cobra Kai on Netflix (includes trailers for all seasons) Cobra Kai at IMDb The Karate Kid and Cobra Kai (video) – Reunited Apart, December 21, 2020 Whoopi Goldberg Shares Thoughts on "Cobra Kai" Series – The View, September 9, 2020 Ralph Macchio and William Zabka Discuss "Cobra Kai" and Reminisce About Mr. Miyagi – The View, January 12, 2021 Ralph Macchio of "Cobra Kai" on Memoir "Waxing On: The Karate Kid and Me"– The View, October 18, 2022.
to West Pakistan. Operation Searchlight, followed by Operation Barisal, which attempted to kill the intellectual elite of the east. On 26 March 1971, Major Ziaur Rahman of the Pakistan Army declared the independence of Bangladesh on behalf of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. In April, the exiled Awami League leaders formed a government-in-exile in Baidyanathtala of Meherpur. The East Pakistan Rifles and Bengali officers in Pakistan's army, navy, and marines defected to the rebellion after taking refuge in different parts of India.
to a final product was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. There were plans to film in north Russia in March 2020, but those were delayed for at least a year due to the pandemic. The final episode featuring Clarkson, Hammond and May was filmed in September 2023 and aired on 13 September 2024 on Amazon Prime Video. Following the public naming of the show, Amazon offered new customers a £20 discount for their first year on Amazon Prime during
to a potential American broadcaster, as the terms of Clarkson's non-compete clause with the BBC stipulated he could not make a rival car show with a BBC competitor, such as ITV. Among those that had been approached included Netflix, who felt Clarkson's team wanted too much money for what they were worth, and BT Sport, believing this show would be a better fit on a network with a more global reach. In July 2015, Clarkson announced he had signed a
to a preference. COS Acronym or initialism for Choice of Slams. An artificial or natural bid made to ask partner to select a strain from several choices where the slam might be played. Count (Noun) The number of cards held in a suit or suits, usually said of an opponent's hand. (Verb) To determine, by inference or by follow-suit, the number of cards held in a suit by an opponent. (Noun) In squeeze play, the number of tricks that declarer
to a strict lifestyle. Eddie B., Rice's mother, raised Rice while Joe was working, and after Rice left cleaned the houses of wealthy families. Rice and his brothers often worked with their father building houses, catching bricks on top of scaffolds to make sure his father had bricks to lay. He did not see bricklaying as being his future saying that "it taught me the meaning of hard work." The Rice family struggled financially, with Rice sometimes not having many
to an A, though Elkins urged the registrar to leave it as the only A+ ever recorded at the University of Texas. In the same year, the Texas Legislature passed a congratulatory resolution in response to Watson's successful grade change and his overall political participation. The following states ratified the Twenty-seventh Amendment: On May 18, 1992, the Archivist of the United States, Don W. Wilson, certified that the amendment's ratification had been completed. Michigan's May 7, 1992, ratification was believed
to approval (or otherwise) by a vote of the European Parliament. All commissioners are first nominated by the government of the respective member state. The council, as it is now simply called (also called the Council of the European Union and the "Council of Ministers", its former title), forms one half of the EU's legislature. It consists of a representative from each member state's government and meets in different compositions depending on the policy area being addressed. Notwithstanding its different
to be a part of Auction theory. The economists Paul Milgrom and Robert B. Wilson were awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize for the introduction of new auction types (or formats). Auction types share features, which can be summarized into the following list. Auctions can differ in the number and type of participants. There are two types of participants: a buyer and a seller. A buyer pays to acquire a certain good or service, while a seller offers goods or services
to be confused with the aforementioned Council of the European Union). The monetary policy of the eurozone is determined by the European Central Bank. The interpretation and the application of EU law and the treaties are ensured by the Court of Justice of the European Union. The EU budget is scrutinised by the European Court of Auditors. There are also a number of ancillary bodies which advise the EU or operate in a specific area. The union's executive branch is
to be the legitimate government. Following the implementation of land reforms, attempts by the CCP to realize communism failed: the Great Leap Forward was responsible for the Great Chinese Famine which resulted in millions of deaths, and the Cultural Revolution was a period of turmoil and persecution. The reform and opening up that began in 1978 moved the country away from a planned economy towards a market-based economy, spurring an economic boom. A movement for political liberalization stalled after the
to bid game in a suit partner has bid, previously. A limit raise promises trump support and hand strength about a king less than a minimum strength game force. Line 1) (with "the"): A line on a bridge scorepad that separates points for tricks that count toward game (see Below the line) from those that do not (see Above the line). 2) On a given hand, the play strategy that is adopted by declarer or by the defenders. 3) Bidding:
to capture a singleton of lower rank in an opponent's hand. Pip 1) A spot card. 2) A suit symbol (♠, ♥, ♦, ♣) on a card. Pitch To discard. Pivot 1) (Adjective) Of the suit that both defenders must guard in a double squeeze. 2) (Verb) In party bridge, to change partners while remaining at the same table. 3a) (Verb) In duplicate bridge, to play one round in a given direction, and the next round in the opposite direction
to concentrate his efforts on trying to outdo them in the studio. He praised Paul McCartney's stylistic versatility and commended his bass playing as "technically fantastic". In 1976, he commented that he felt contemporary popular music had lacked the artistic integrity it once had, with Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" (1975) being one exception. In a 1988 interview, he named the 1982 compilation Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I and Paul Simon's 1986 release Graceland among his ten favorite albums of all time.
to concentrate on baseball. Napolitano specifically remembered the first home game of Wilson's senior year, which happened shortly after his father's death. No fewer than 29 professional scouts, all with radar guns, showed up to see him pitch. According to Napolitano, Wilson was completely oblivious to their appearance; he ate and drank in the dugout, warmed up, and pitched a two-hitter while apparently not noticing that scouts were there. The Cleveland Indians offered him a contract straight out of high
to construct a motorway between Iran and Pakistan connecting the two countries. In May 2023, Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and President Ebrahim Raisi inaugurated the Polan-Gabd electricity transmission line that is expected to supply 100 megawatts of electricity daily to Gwadar. Although Iran and Pakistan have close historical, religious and cultural ties, there are still some obstacles to the development of relations between the two countries. Relations between Iran and Pakistan improved after the removal of the Taliban in 2002,
to credit Brian as producer. The label's only other release was Bob & Sheri's "Humpty Dumpty", with both songs written by Wilson. From January to March 1963, Wilson produced the Beach Boys' second album, Surfin' U.S.A., limiting his public appearances with the group to television gigs and local shows to prioritize studio work. David Marks substituted for him on vocals during other performances. In March, Capitol released "Surfin' U.S.A.", the Beach Boys' first top-ten single. The accompanying album peaked at
to develop into a superpower, whilst comparing the US-China relationship to the Britain and German pre-World War Two. Kissinger finishes examining contemporary areas which erode the U.S. and Chinese ability to create a mutually beneficial relationship. On China has received various reviews since its release in 2011. There has been appraisal, criticism and nuanced reviews from a multiplicity of well-known newspapers and journals, which have critiqued Kissinger's perspective, objectivity and content found within his book. Donald S. Zagoria from Columbia
to disperse the crowd and arrest those responsible for rock throwing and the fires eventually leading to rioting and looting in the neighboring area of Pacoima and its surrounding neighborhoods in the San Fernando Valley. Mayor Bradley signed an order for a dusk-to-dawn curfew at 12:15 a.m. for the core area affected by the riots, as well as declaring a state of emergency for the city of Los Angeles. At 10:15 a.m., he expanded the area under curfew. By mid-morning,
to do so (see follow suit). 2) The hand that is entitled to lead to the next trick is said to be "on lead" or to "have the lead." 3) See opening lead. Lead-directing double A double by the partner of the prospective opening leader that requests the lead of a particular suit. Experienced partnerships usually agree on a set of suit priorities, such as opening leader's bid suit, doubler's bid suit, dummy's first bid suit, or a suit that
to each record 1,000 yards from scrimmage. Nabers ended the game with 7 receptions, 171 yards and two touchdowns in a 45–33 win over the Colts. In week 18, Nabers broke the Giants' franchise record for most single-season receptions, previously held by Steve Smith with 107 in 2009. Nabers ended his rookie season with 1,204 receiving yards and seven touchdowns on 109 receptions, in 15 games. He was named to the PFWA All-Rookie Team and earned Pro Bowl honors. On
to enact progressive measures. However, Schleiches argues that the separation of state legislatures and the Senate had a beneficial effect on the states, as it led state legislative campaigns to focus on local rather than national issues. New Deal legislation is another example of expanding federal regulation overruling the state legislatures promoting their local state interests in coal, oil, corn and cotton. Ure agrees, saying that not only is each senator now free to ignore his state's interests, senators "have
to facilitate individuals exercising free movement rights and to ensure they maintain their ability to access social security and health services in other member states. Since 2019 there has been a European commissioner for equality and the European Institute for Gender Equality has existed since 2007. A Directive on countering gender-based violence has been proposed. In September 2022, a European Care strategy was approved in order to provide "quality, affordable and accessible care services". The European Social Charter is the
to finance a studio session, the Teddy Bears – Phil Spector, Marshall Leib, Harvey Goldstein (who left the group early on), lead singer Annette Kleinbard, and last-minute recruit, drummer Sandy Nelson – recorded the song at Gold Star Studios at a cost of $75. Released on Era's Doré label in August 1958, it took two months before "To Know Him Is to Love Him" began to get airplay. The title was inscribed on Spector's father's tombstone, as "To Know Him
to fix a time limit with Yahya for political accommodation in East Pakistan. Nixon asserted that India could count on US endeavors to ease the crisis within a short time. But, both Kissinger and Gandhi's aide Jayakar maintained, Gandhi did not respond to these proposals. Kissinger noted that she "listened to what was, in fact, one of Nixon's better presentations with aloof indifference" but "took up none of the points." Jayakar pointed out that Gandhi listened to Nixon "without a
to follow suit. Shuffle To mix the cards. Shuffling seldom results in random distributions: in the long run, the cards so mixed rarely match the mathematical expectancies. Side Partnership. Side game A secondary event played simultaneously with the main event. Side suit A suit that is not trump; plain suit. A side suit may nevertheless have significant length: see Two-suiter. Signals The conventional meanings assigned to plays made by the defenders in order to exchange information. Also, carding. Signoff bid
to forbid contracts for more than thirteen tricks. Some versions have stated this more clearly than others, but this intention of the Laws has never changed. International Match Point scoring was first introduced at the 1938 European Championships in Oslo. Its purpose is to moderate the disproportionate effect that a very large score differential (or "swing') on just one or two boards could have on the outcome of a contest involving dozens of boards. The difference in total points scored
to form a complete depiction. The royal arms with the crest but without the helm is used as the rank insignia for class 1 warrant officers in His Majesty's Armed Forces. It is customary (but not mandatory) for churches of the Church of England and Church of Scotland to display the royal arms as the established church of England and the national church of Scotland respectively. If a church building of either denomination does not currently display the royal arms,
to gain extra points when the defenders are confident of setting (defeating) the contract. The most common example of a conventional double is the takeout double of a low-level suit bid, implying support for the unbid suits or the unbid major suits and asking partner to choose one of them. Bidding systems depart from these basic ideas in varying degrees. Standard American, for instance, is a collection of conventions designed to bolster the accuracy and power of these basic ideas,
to have the first 10 years of his career guaranteed. In Week 5 of the 2024 season, against his former team, the Carolina Panthers, Moore had five receptions for 105 yards and two touchdowns in the 36–10 win. He finished the 2024 season with 98 receptions for 966 yards and six touchdowns. Moore caught his first touchdown of the 2025 season in Week 3 against the Cowboys. In Week 9 versus the Cincinnati Bengals, Moore threw a two-yard touchdown pass
to help restore law and order. With Bush's authority, the Pentagon activated Operation Garden Plot, placing the California Army National Guard and federal troops under the newly formed Joint Task Force Los Angeles (JTF-LA). The deployment of federal troops was not ready until Saturday, by which time the rioting and looting were under control. Meanwhile, the 40th Infantry Division (doubled to 4,000 troops) of the California Army National Guard continued to move into the city in Humvees; eventually 10,000 Army
to help the environment and to reduce dependence on imported fuels. Article 35 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union affirms that "A high level of human health protection shall be ensured in the definition and implementation of all Union policies and activities". The European Commission's Directorate-General for Health and Consumers seeks to align national laws on the protection of people's health, on the consumers' rights, on the safety of food and other products. All EU and
to his home as he did not have a ride. Rice had a breakout junior season, primarily playing wide receiver and defensive back. In his senior year, Rice was a Mississippi All-State selection at wide receiver. Due to the small size of Moor, few of his statistics were officially recorded. According to sports journalist Glenn Dickey, Rice caught 50 receptions and 30 touchdowns as a senior, helping to lead the team to a 17–2 record over his final two seasons.
to land a spacecraft on Mars and the second one to deploy a rover (Zhurong) on Mars. China completed its own modular space station, the Tiangong, in low Earth orbit on 3 November 2022. On 29 November 2022, China performed its first in-orbit crew handover aboard the Tiangong. In May 2023, China announced a plan to land humans on the Moon by 2030. To that end, China has been developing a lunar-capable super-heavy launcher, the Long March 10, a new
to lieutenant 28 November 1940. He was admitted to the British Indian Army 27 August 1940. He was appointed acting captain then temporary captain on 23 December 1940. He had been posted to 3rd battalion 10th Baluch Regiment by October 1942. He saw action in Italy towards the end of the war. He was promoted to war substantive captain and temporary major 3 February 1944. He was briefly an acting lieutenant-colonel 15 August to 18 October 1945. He had attended
to make sense of Chinese diplomacy and foreign policy across its entirety as an empire and nation, while also being "part memoir, part reflection, and part a memorandum to U.S. policymakers on how to achieve a cooperative relationship with this rising superpower". Kissinger is praised for being realistic and prudent, and the book is recommended to students of specialising in U.S. relations to China. Oxford University historian Rana Mitter, who specialises in the history of the Republic of China, considered
to mobilise its armed forces along its border with India to discourage the Indian assault, but the Chinese did not respond to this encouragement since the Indian Army's Northern Command was well prepared to guard the Line of Actual Control, and was already engaging and making advances against the Pakistan Army's X Corps in the Line of Control. China did not welcome the break-up of Pakistan's unity by the East Pakistani politicians, and effectively vetoed the membership of Bangladesh when
to modernize the Pakistan Army in 1954–57. Yahya also performed the duties of Chief of General Staff from 1957 to 1962 from where he went on to command two infantry divisions from 1962 to 1965. He played a pivotal role in sustaining the support for President Ayub Khan's campaign in the 1965 presidential elections against Fatima Jinnah. He was made GOC of the 7th Infantry Division of the Pakistan Army, which he commanded during the 1965 war with India. During
to other players. Face card A king, queen, or jack. Contrast Honor. Factoring The adjustment of matchpoint scores to correct for dissimilar conditions. For example, a game played with a Mitchell movement might have an extra N–S pair, causing a bye round for N–S. The top is therefore lower for N–S pairs than for E–W pairs, and the N-S scores are multiplied by a fraction (or "factor") to make them commensurate with the E–W scores. Fall To be captured by
to pass if he holds clubs and to correct to diamonds otherwise. Pass out 1) To make the third of three consecutive passes following a bid, double or redouble. 2) To make the fourth of four consecutive passes. Thus, a bid cannot have been made and the table progresses to the next deal. 3) (Adjective) The seat where a pass would end the auction. Pattern See distribution. Pearson points High card points plus number of spades held. See Hand evaluation.
to provide free labor for Miyagi. When he becomes frustrated, Miyagi demonstrates that repetition of these chores has helped Daniel to learn defensive blocks through muscle memory. Their bond develops, and Miyagi opens up to Daniel about his life, including the dual loss of his wife and son in childbirth at the Manzanar internment camp while he was serving with the 442nd Infantry Regiment during World War II in Europe, where he received the Medal of Honor. Through Mr. Miyagi's
to raise funds for a specific mission or cause both through the act of bidding itself, and by encouraging participants to support the cause and make personal donations. Often, these auctions are linked with another charity event like a benefit concert. Insurance policies – Auctions are held for second-hand endowment policies. The attraction is that someone else has already paid substantially to set up the policy in the first place, and one will be able (with the help of a
to ratify it, on February 10, 1967. When President Lyndon B. Johnson underwent planned surgery in 1965, he was unable to temporarily transfer power to Vice President Hubert H. Humphrey because the amendment's ratification remained incomplete. On February 23, 1967, at the White House ceremony certifying the ratification, Johnson said: It was 180 years ago, in the closing days of the Constitutional Convention, that the Founding Fathers debated the question of Presidential disability. John Dickinson of Delaware asked this question:
to rebid 2♥ and 2♠ or 3♥ and 3♠), minor suit transfers (bids of 2♠ and either 2NT or 3♣ over 1NT respectively require the 1NT bidder to bid 3♣ and 3♦) and Texas transfers (bids of 4♦ and 4♥ respectively require the 1NT, or 2NT bidder to rebid 4♥ and 4♠) Which (if any) bids are forcing and require a response. Within play, it is also commonly agreed what systems of opening leads, signals and discards will be played:
to restrain India as he quoted: "in the strongest possible terms to restrain India with which ... you [Brezhnev] have great influence and for whose actions you must share responsibility." After the war, the United States accepted the new balance of power and recognised India as a dominant player in South Asia; the US immediately engaged in strengthening bilateral relations between the two countries in the successive years. In June 1972, Soviet Ambassador Rodionov said, "the Soviet Union had always
to resume his duties. In the Fordham Law Review, commentator John Feerick asserted that although Reagan disclaimed any use of the Twenty-fifth Amendment in his letter (likely out of "fear of the reaction of the country and the world to a 'President' who admitted to being disabled, and concern ... [over] set[ting] a harmful precedent"), he followed the process set forth in Section 3. Furthermore, Feerick noted that "no constitutional provision except the Twenty-Fifth Amendment would have allowed" him to
to steal the Time-Turner from Hermione's office, in the Ministry of Magic, while disguised with Polyjuice Potion. As Cedric's death was the result of him winning the Triwizard Tournament alongside Harry, the boys use the Time-Turner to travel back to the first tournament challenge. They disguise themselves as Durmstrang students to sabotage Cedric and prevent his victory. The plan fails, and the disguises cause Hermione to become suspicious of Viktor Krum, a Durmstrang student, and go to the Yule Ball
to sunburn" hâle hâloir halle "market" hallage hallebarde "halberd" hallebardier hallier "thicket" ( < ML hasla < *Frk hasal < Gmc, cf OHG hasala, MDu hasel) halte "halt" halt hameau "hamlet" hampe "handle, staff" hanap "goblet" hanche "hip, haunch" déhanché éhanché hanbane "henbane" hangar "shed, hangar" ( < MFr hanghart < Frk *haimgard < haim "home" < Gmc, cf OE hām + gard "protection, shelter, yard" < Gmc, cf OE ġeard) hanneton "beetle" Hanse "the Hanse" Hanséatique hanter "to frequent,
to that adopted in 1901. There have also been changes to the depiction of the Irish harp, with the frame variously depicted as a winged woman or as a Celtic harp. The latter became more common in twentieth century. The royal arms are the arms of dominion of the British monarch. Unlike ordinary armorial bearings, they are not hereditary. The right to bear them is vested in the reigning sovereign and, by extension, their government as a royal prerogative. Members
to the Jewish people. Jew's harps may be categorized as idioglot or heteroglot (whether or not the frame and the tine are one piece); by the shape of the frame (rod or plaque); by the number of tines, and whether the tines are plucked, joint-tapped, or string-pulled. The frame is held firmly against the performer's parted teeth or lips (depending on the type), using the mouth (plus the throat and lungs when breathing freely) as a resonator, greatly increasing the
to the Seattle Seahawks six games into the 2004 season in exchange for a seventh round pick and reunited with Seattle head coach Mike Holmgren, who had previously worked with Rice as San Francisco's offensive coordinator. After speaking with Largent, Rice was permitted to wear Largent's retired jersey No. 80. In a Monday Night Football game against the Dallas Cowboys, Rice set the career record for combined net yards by catching a 27-yard touchdown pass from Matt Hasselbeck, his 35th
to the St. Louis Rams in which he did not catch a pass. On May 25, 2005, Rice signed a one-year contract worth $790,000 in total salary with the Denver Broncos, which was his lowest contract offer in his 20 years in the league. During training camp, Rice moved ahead of Darius Watts to Denver's no. 3 receiver spot, but was bumped back down the depth chart during the preseason. In four preseason games, Rice caught four passes for 24
to the buyer, creating an information asymmetry. This lack of information could lead the bidder to overvalue the item and consequently pay a higher price, resulting in the winner's curse. Nevertheless, bidders may also choose to employ bid shading as a strategy to circumvent this predicament. Bid shading is placing a bid which is below the bidder's actual value for the item. Such a strategy risks losing the auction but has the possibility of winning at a low price. Bid
to the design of the track resembling the structure of the Ebola virus. The track was designed to "trip cars up" and included sections devised under a humorous arrangement, such as "Isn't Straight", "Your Name Here", "Old Lady's House", "Substation" and "Field of Sheep". The track was dropped from use from the programme after the third series. For the second series, the production team decided to create a second track for the specific purpose of being used in the newly
to the empire. Meanwhile, China's population growth resumed and shortly began to accelerate. It is commonly agreed that pre-modern China's population experienced two growth spurts, one during the Northern Song period (960–1127), and other during the Qing period (around 1700–1830). By the High Qing era China was possibly the most commercialized country in the world, and imperial China experienced a second commercial revolution by the end of the 18th century. On the other hand, the centralized autocracy was strengthened in
to the initial design of the project, the 2,700 km long pipeline was to cover around 1,100 km in Iran, 1,000 km in Pakistan and around 600 km in India, and the size of the pipeline was estimated to be 56 inches in diameter. However, as India withdrew from the project the size of the pipeline was reduced to 42 inch. In April 2008, Iran expressed interest in the People's Republic of China's participation in the project. Since as early
to the original method of electing senators. Prior to the Constitution, a federal body was one where states effectively formed nothing more than permanent treaties, with citizens retaining their loyalty to their original state. However, under the new Constitution, the federal government was granted substantially more power than before. Having the state legislatures elect the senators reassured anti-federalists that there would be some protection against the federal government's swallowing up states and their powers, and providing a check on the
to the present. The only changes since have been cosmetic, such as altering the depiction of the Irish harp so that it no longer includes a bare-breasted woman. The blazon of the royal arms has been changed only three times since the creation of the United Kingdom: in 1801, 1816 and 1837. But how these blazons are depicted has been subject to artistic interpretation and the preferences of the monarch under the royal prerogative. The blazons of the royal arms
to the stresses of his condition; however, "Things have started to get a little bit easier, but I'm not always in a positive, happy place." In 2002, he lamented that his successful treatment had inhibited his creativity and songwriting. At age 11, during a Christmas choir recital, it was found that Wilson had significantly diminished hearing in his right ear. The issue was diagnosed as a nerve impingement. The exact cause remains unclear. Due to this infirmity, Wilson developed a
to the union by becoming a party to the founding treaties, thereby subjecting themselves to the privileges and obligations of EU membership. This entails a partial delegation of sovereignty to the institutions in return for representation within those institutions, a practice often referred to as "pooling of sovereignty". In some policies, there are several member states that ally with strategic partners within the union. Examples of such alliances include the Baltic Assembly, the Benelux Union, the Bucharest Nine, the Craiova
to their divorcee status; they were eventually invited, although Princess Margaret and Princess Marina did not attend, despite the Kennedys apparently wanting to meet them. Gordonstoun School responded to its negative portrayal, claiming that Prince Charles's personal feedback to the school had been overwhelmingly positive. Vickers said that the same episode inaccurately depicted Prince Philip's sister's death in a plane crash as having arisen from his own misbehaviour at Gordonstoun: "It is beyond me how serious film-makers would wish to
to their fellow Mexican's victory and sang patriotic songs. Back in California, Mexican Americans followed the news in Spanish language newspapers and were thrilled by Mexico's victory. It led them to form political organizations — Juntas Patrióticas Mejicanas — which met monthly and raised money to send to Mexico's President Juarez to aid his fight against the French. There would eventually be 129 Juntas, mostly in California. When the groups got together, speakers used the Battle of Puebla as a
to visit in February 1972. Nixon feared that an Indian invasion of Pakistan would mean total Soviet domination of the region, and that it would seriously undermine the global position of the United States and the regional position of America's new tactical ally, China. Nixon encouraged Iran to send military supplies to Pakistan. The Nixon administration also ignored reports it received of the "genocidal" activities of the Pakistani military in East Pakistan, most notably the Blood telegram, and this prompted
to which the overcaller can escape if doubled. Also known as Gardener 1NT. Communication The placement of the lead in one or the other of the two partnership hands, so as to make a subsequent lead from the more advantageous hand, specifically the ability to place the lead in such hand. The means of conveying a message to partner via the bidding and by the card played to a trick. The only legal means of communication is through the calls
to win 12 of 13 tricks, earns a bonus of 500 points if not vulnerable and 750 points if vulnerable; a grand slam, or successful contract to win all 13 tricks, earns a bonus of 1000 points if not vulnerable and 1500 points if vulnerable. When a doubled or redoubled contract is made, a bonus is awarded to the declaring side. It is colloquially referred to as a bonus for "insult", meaning that the opponents have insulted the pair by
to write manuscript music through a friend of his father. Wilson sang with peers at school functions, as well as with family and friends at home, and guided his two brothers in learning harmony parts, which they would rehearse together. He also played piano obsessively after school, deconstructing the harmonies of the Four Freshmen by listening to short segments of their songs on a phonograph, then working to recreate the blended sounds note by note on the keyboard. In high
to €874 million, 51 per cent of the budget went to Africa and 20 per cent to Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean and Pacific, and 20 per cent to the Middle East and Mediterranean. Humanitarian aid is financed directly by the budget (70 per cent) as part of the financial instruments for external action and also by the European Development Fund (30 per cent). The EU's external action financing is divided into geographic instruments and thematic instruments. The geographic instruments
tooth, baby-tooth" ( < OFr quenne < ON kenna < Gmc, cf Icel kenna) quiche "quiche" ( < Germ Küche "little cake" < Kuchen "cake" < Gmc) quille "keel" ( < ON kilir, pl of kjǫlr "keel" < Gmc, cf OE ċēol "ship") quillage quille "skittle" ( < MHG kegel < OHG kegil "stake, post" < Gmc, cf OE cǣġ "key") quillier quiller quilleter -quin adjective suffix quinquin "small child" ( < Flem kinken < kind "child" < Gmc +
top 200, behind only the United States and the United Kingdom in terms of the overall representation in the Aggregate Ranking of Top Universities, a composite ranking system combining three of the world's most influential university rankings (ARWU+QS+THE). China had five universities listed among the world's top 50, placing it third after the United States and the United Kingdom based on aggregate performance from four widely observed university rankings (THE+ARWU+QS+US News). China is home to two of the highest-ranking universities
top honors. This scores a game of 120 contract points and earns a slam bonus of 750 points above the line (East-West being vulnerable). 150 honor points are scored above the line for holding all five honors. Having again accumulated 100 or more points below the line, East-West win a second game; a horizontal line is drawn to end the rubber. Rubber Bonus: At the conclusion of the rubber, a rubber bonus is awarded. In this case, East-West have won
tops of the suit symbols. Contrast Rounded suit. Portland Club A bridge club in London which published the first version of the Laws of contract bridge. The club remains part of the ongoing process of revising the laws, along with the ACBL and the EBL, because of the vesting of the copyright. Position (Noun) Seat at the table: North, South, East, West; or first, second, third, fourth. Positional squeeze A squeeze that can succeed against only a specific opponent, because
torment" tracas tracassier tracasserie transborder "to tranship" trappe "trap door, trap" attrapper trapu "squat, stubby" ( < OFr trape < Gmc, cf OHG taphar, tapar "heavy") traquenard "trap" traquer "to track" trac traque traqueur traquet traquenard tracasser trébucher "to stumble" ( < OFr tresbucher < Lat transbuccare < trans- + buccare < buccus < Frk *būk "belly, trunk" < Gmc, cf OHG būh "stomach", OE būc "belly") trébuchet trépigner "to stomp" trépignement trêve "truce" tribord "starboard" ( < OFr estribord
tornado made news headlines around the world. May 15 – The United States government acknowledges existence of the "Secret War" in Laos (1953–1975) during the Vietnam War, and dedicates the Laos Memorial in honor of Hmong and other "Secret War" veterans. May 16 First Congo War ends when president Mobutu Sese Seko is exiled from Zaire. U.S. President Bill Clinton issues a formal apology to the surviving victims of the Tuskegee Study of Untreated Syphilis in the Negro Male and
total for the season. At age 41, he managed to play 17 games in a 16-game season, as he was traded before Oakland's bye week and after Seattle's, and never missed a game, so he played six games for the Raiders and 11 for the Seahawks. Rice played his last non-preseason professional game for Seattle, a Wild Card Round loss to the St. Louis Rams in which he did not catch a pass. On May 25, 2005, Rice signed a
total meat consumption. Pork-free Chinese Islamic cuisine is served at halal-certified restaurants in various regions while vegetarian Buddhist cuisine is commonly found at restaurants near shrines and temples. China has one of the oldest sporting cultures. There is evidence that archery (shèjiàn) was practiced during the Western Zhou dynasty. Swordplay (jiànshù) and cuju, a sport loosely related to association football date back to China's early dynasties as well. Physical fitness is widely emphasized in Chinese culture, with morning exercises such
touchdowns six times, and in receptions twice. Going into the 1990s, Rice won a third Super Bowl in 1994, and a second Offensive Player of the Year Award. After recovering from a knee injury and his play regressing, San Francisco released him in June 2001, where the Raiders would sign him to a four-year deal. He continued to start for the team, and helped lead them to an appearance in Super Bowl XXXVII, where they were defeated by the Tampa
touchdowns, averaging 18.9 yards per catch in his rookie season, and started four out of sixteen possible games. United Press International (UPI) named Rice the NFC Offensive Rookie of the Year, and he was selected to the PFWA All-Rookie Team. Nevertheless, Rice struggled, dropping numerous passes that season. In a game against the Kansas City Chiefs, Rice dropped two wide-open passes and later fumbled on an 8-yard pass that was intended to boost Rice's confidence. Rice said that his poor
tournament, or double elimination Double knockout. Double finesse A finesse for two missing cards. Double into game To double a part score such that, if the contract is fulfilled, the total of the doubled trick scores will exceed 100 points. Double knockout A form of knockout competition in which teams are eliminated after losing two matches rather than after losing one. Commonly, teams with no losses face each other (undefeated teams) and teams with one loss face each other (one-loser
towns on the way there which brought about the surrender of the Pakistani commander of its Eastern Forces, A.A.K. Niazi in that city. As a result, the Indian government decided to support the creation of a separate state for ethnic Bengalis by supporting the Mukti Bahini. RAW helped to organize, train and arm these insurgents. Consequently, the Mukti Bahini succeeded in harassing Pakistani military in East Pakistan, creating conditions conducive to a full-scale Indian military intervention in early December. The
toys & trains, classic cars, and fine art. On-site auctions – Sometimes when the stock or assets of a company are simply too vast or too bulky for an auction house to transport to their own premises and store, they will hold an auction within the confines of the bankrupt company itself. Bidders could find themselves bidding for items which are still plugged in, and the great advantage of these auctions taking place on the premises is that they have
trade disputes. The body works on to encourage the privatization in Pakistan and economic liberalization on both sides of the countries. In 2012, the bilateral trade exceeded $3 billion. Official figures from the State Bank of Pakistan for the fiscal year 2011–12 indicate imports of $124 million and exports of $131 million, which had collapsed to $36 million of exports to Iran and less than $1 million of imports for the year to April 2015. In 2011, the trade between
trade to $10 billion. Pakistan and Iran share great cultural and religious affinity. Iran's historical influence on Pakistan continues to be seen positively, though the modern increase of Islamic radicalism and Arab influences on Pakistan have created some divergence. The two countries regularly carry out academic exchange activities, thousands of Pakistani students are studying culture, science and religion in Iran. The Pakistan International School and College – Tehran aims to serve and accommodate additional educational needs for Pakistani families living
trade was made official when the league calendar year began on March 15. Moore left the Panthers fourth in franchise history with 5,201 receiving yards. On September 24, during Week 3 against the Kansas City Chiefs, Moore recorded three receptions for 41 yards and a touchdown, his first of the year, during the 41–10 loss. On October 5, in Week 5 against the Washington Commanders, Moore recorded eight catches for 230 yards and three touchdowns in a Bears victory, with
traditional Scottish song from the 19th century entitled "Erin-go-Bragh" tells the story of a Highland Scot who is mistaken for an Irishman. The first two verses are: Patrick Keohane, an Irish member of the Terra Nova Expedition in Antarctica from 1910–1913, used a sledge flag consisting of the motto "ERIN GO BRAUGH" beneath a gold harp on a green field, with a Cross of Saint George in the hoist. Erin Go Bragh is the motif of the episode The Kidnapped
traditionalist does not mean they discourage the creation of new songs. To the contrary, it is part of the tradition that musically creative Sacred Harp singers should become composers themselves and add to the canon. The new compositions are prepared in traditional styles, and could be considered a kind of tribute to the older material. New songs have been incorporated into editions of The Sacred Harp throughout the 20th century and into the 21st. Two other books are currently used
transfer of the president's powers and duties to the vice president, either on the president's initiative alone or on the initiative of the vice president, together with a majority of the president's cabinet. In either case, the vice president becomes the acting president until the president's powers and duties are restored. The amendment was submitted to the states on July 6, 1965, by the 89th Congress, and was adopted on February 10, 1967, the day the requisite number of states
transfer. Relay bid, or relay An artificial bid that requests partner to further describe his hand. The relay is usually the lowest available bid, so as to leave as much room for description as possible. Relay system A bidding system that consists of many relay bid sequences. Relever or re-lever (Slang) Redouble; by extension from lever. Remove To bid on over an undesired contract, especially a doubled contract. Renege Informal term for Revoke; associated with other games such as whist.
transit systems in operation. As of 2020, China boasts the five longest metro systems in the world with the networks in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Shenzhen being the largest. The civil aviation industry in China is mostly state-dominated, with the Chinese government retaining a majority stake in the majority of Chinese airlines. The top three airlines in China are Air China, China Southern Airlines, and China Eastern Airlines, which collectively made up 71% of the market in 2018, are
transportation procurement auctions with a heterogeneous fleet". Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review. 127: 150–177. Bibcode:2019TRPE..127..150H. doi:10.1016/j.tre.2019.05.009. S2CID 182223089. Combinatorial auctions for transportation services procurement. Choi, P.-S; F, Muñoz-Garcia (2021). Auction theory: introductory exercises with answer keys / Pak-Sing Choi, Felix Munoz-Garcia. Switzerland: Springer.
travelling score sheet. Contrast Pick-up slip. Tray See Board. Treatment A natural bid that: (1) either shows a willingness to play in the denomination named, or promises or requests values in that denomination, and (2) by partnership agreement gives or requests additional information on which action could be based. If the treatment is an unusual one, it requires announcement to the opponents even though it is natural. For example, a partnership that plays Flannery usually agrees that a 1♠ response
treating and preventing several diseases. Diseases such as cholera, typhoid and scarlet fever, which were previously rife in China, were nearly eradicated by the campaign. After Deng Xiaoping began instituting economic reforms in 1978, the health of the Chinese public improved rapidly because of better nutrition, although many of the free public health services provided in the countryside disappeared. Healthcare in China became mostly privatized, and experienced a significant rise in quality. In 2009, the government began a three-year large-scale
treaty was created in 1952 the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC), which was built on the International Authority for the Ruhr, installed by the Western Allies in 1949 to regulate the coal and steel industries of the Ruhr area in West Germany. Backed by the Marshall Plan with large funds coming from the United States since 1948, the ECSC became a milestone organisation, enabling European economic development and integration and being the origin of the main institutions of the
trick in the opposite hand, thereby giving it the right to lead to the next trick. To make the first call for a partnership after the opponents have bid. To join a bridge competition. Entry A card that allows a particular hand to win a trick that partner or an opponent has led to. Entries are vital to communication. A seating assignment in a bridge competition. Entries designate the participants' initial table number, direction at that table, and (if applicable)
trick whose cards have all been turned face down (duplicate bridge) or gathered in front of the trick's winner (rubber bridge). In rubber bridge, a player may inspect a quitted trick if his side has not yet led to the next trick. In duplicate bridge, a player may inspect a quitted trick only if told to do so by a director. Quotient Points won divided by the sum of points won and points lost, occasionally used to break a tie.
trick" pass from Williams. In the rematch with Green Bay in Week 16, Moore caught the game-winning 46-yard touchdown in overtime to cap off a five-reception, 109-yard performance. The score was named the NFL Moment of the Year at the 15th NFL Honors. The Bears finished the regular season 11–6, Moore's first season on a team with a winning record since high school in 2014. In the wild card round against the Packers, Moore recorded six catches for 64 yards,
trick-taking game with thirteen tricks per deal. The dominant variations of the game are rubber bridge, which is more common in social play; and duplicate bridge, which enables comparative scoring in tournament play. Each player is dealt thirteen cards from a standard 52-card deck. A trick starts when a player leads (i.e., plays the first card). The leader to the first trick is determined by the auction; the leader to each subsequent trick is the player who won the preceding
trick. If declarer leads the ♥J, LHO plays a small heart, and declarer plays the ♥2 from dummy's ♥AQ2, declarer has passed the ♥J. Pass and pull To make a forcing pass and on the next round remove partner's double by bidding. Passed hand A player who passed instead of opening the bidding. The inference is that a passed hand does not hold the values required to open the bidding (unless playing a strong pass bidding system). Passed out 1)
tricks. It is usual to call this play a knockout squeeze when the squeezed defender is second to play to the trick, and to call it a backwash squeeze when the squeezed defender is fourth to play. Kock–Werner Redouble A rescue mechanism employed when partner's bid is doubled for penalties. Invented by Rudolf Kock and Einar Werner of Sweden. See also SOS Redouble. Last Train A conventional bid that is one step above the current bid and one step below
tricks: for example, playing to drop an honor in a longer suit and then finessing for an honor in a shorter suit. Come-on A defensive signal that encourages partner to continue a suit, usually by means of the rank of the card used to follow suit. Comic notrump A notrump overcall that shows a weak hand with a long suit, to which the overcaller can escape if doubled. Also known as Gardener 1NT. Communication The placement of the lead in
tricolor. However, the tan and white may become all white, the blacks will often fade to grey or white, and fur will most likely change throughout puppyhood. The breed even has a fade gene that causes the colors, which are very dark when a puppy, to fade and turn white at the base of the hair as it lengthens; that is why the Champagne or Champagne Teddy Bear Coton eventually turns white when the adult hair comes in.) The Fédération
tried to get that through to Brian." The couple soon reconciled, and, in late 1965, moved into a newly purchased home at 1448 Laurel Way in Beverly Hills. Wilson recalled that after relocating to his Beverly Hills home, he experienced an unexpected surge of creativity, working for hours to develop new musical ideas. He acknowledged heavy drug use, stating, "I was taking [...] a lot of pills, and it fouled me up for a while. It got me really introspective".
trump contracts. See Hand evaluation. The Law is sometimes interpreted to mean that one side can profitably contract for a number of tricks equal to its own combined trump length; for example, compete to 3♠ with a nine-card spade fit. Laws of Contract Bridge and Laws of Duplicate Bridge The definitions, procedures and remedies that define how rubber bridge and duplicate bridge are played. The Laws include the Proprieties, which discuss the game's customs and etiquette — often far more
tuned to different basic tones, which made even chromatic sequences possible. Well-known performer Franz Koch (1761–1831), discovered by Frederick the Great, could play two Jew's harps at once, while the also well-known performer Karl Eulenstein (1802–1890) "invented a system of playing four at once, connecting them by silken strings in such a way that he could clasp all four with the lips, and strike all the four springs at the same time". The American composer Charles Ives wrote a part
turn. There also exist conventions that communicate further information between defenders about their hands during the play. At any time, a player may claim, stating that their side will win a specific number of the remaining tricks. The claiming player lays his cards down on the table and explains the order in which he intends to play the remaining cards. The opponents can either accept the claim and the round is scored accordingly, or dispute the claim. If the claim
turns in leading. The leader for a particular round selects a song from the book, and "calls" it by its page number. Leading is done in an open-palm style, standing in the middle of the square facing the tenors. The pitch at which the music is sung is relative; there is no instrument to give the singers a starting point. At a given singing event, one or more people are designated "keyers"; they are responsible for choosing the key at
twelve being the symbol of perfection and entirety. United in Diversity was adopted as the motto of the union in 2000, having been selected from proposals submitted by school pupils. Since 1985, the flag day of the union has been Europe Day, on 9 May (the date of the 1950 Schuman declaration). The anthem of the EU is an instrumental version of the prelude to the Ode to Joy, the 4th movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's ninth symphony. The anthem
twice in 1907, when admitted, and once in 1908. In 1912, Oklahoma reelected Robert Owen by advisory popular vote. Oregon held primaries in 1908 in which the parties would run candidates for that position, and the state legislature pledged to choose the winner as the new senator. New Mexico, admitted to statehood in 1912, chose only its first two senators legislatively. Arizona, admitted to statehood in 1912, chose its first two senators by advisory popular vote. Alaska, and Hawaii, admitted
two auctions could then be split among the members. This form of a ring was used as a central plot device in the opening episode of the 1979 British television series The House of Caradus, 'For Love or Money', uncovered by Helena Caradus on her return from Paris. In the UK, this auction practice is illegal. It jeopardizes competition on the auction and can demotivate other bidders from participating. It robs the seller of the true value of their good
two boards could have on the outcome of a contest involving dozens of boards. The difference in total points scored by each team is converted to International Match Points (IMPs) using a standard table which has sublinear dependencies on differences to reduce the effect of such large swings. Originally named European Match Points (EMPs), the scale provided for a maximum gain of 12 points as shown in the table below. A revised table was adopted for the 1948 European Championships
two longest suits plus the number of HCP is at least 18. Rule of Eleven A calculation that can be used when it is assumed that opening leader has led the fourth highest card in a suit. By subtracting the pips on the card led from 11, the result is the number of cards in the other three hands that are higher than the one led. Third hand, for example, can then make inferences about declarer's holding in the suit
two or three passes. For example, West's spade bid "floated around" to South in 1♠ – (P) – P. To fail to cover the card led, usually by two consecutive hands. "South floated the ♠Q to East." Flower movement An adaptation of the Howell movement in which the players, rather than the boards, progress regularly from table to table. Also known as "Endless Howell". Follow suit, sometimes simply "follow" To play a card of the same suit as the one
two, and in Sahanaja's description, "the stuff that was the riskiest" from Wilson's point of view. Sahanaja added: "At that point, he and Van Dyke were talking as if they were finishing Smile." The subtitles for these movements ("Americana", "Cycle of Life", and "Spiritual Rebirth—Elements") were the invention of music writer Peter Reum. In a 2011 interview, Sahanaja stated that Wilson never mentioned an "elemental" concept during these sessions: "whenever I did bring up the concept he didn't seem to
two-hitter while apparently not noticing that scouts were there. The Cleveland Indians offered him a contract straight out of high school, but he did not sign, opting to attend college instead. After a coach saw Wilson pitch well at a tournament in California, he was offered a scholarship to Louisiana State University (LSU), where he played for the LSU Tigers baseball team, eventually becoming their No. 2 starter. In his time at LSU, Wilson pitched in 51 games (22 starts)
two-part play, was written by British playwright Jack Thorne based on an original story by Rowling, John Tiffany, and Thorne. Some websites listed all three as authors of the script, but by 26 July 2016, the official website for the play and many others were listing Thorne as the sole script writer. The play is directed by Tiffany with choreography by Steven Hoggett, set design by Christine Jones, costume design by Katrina Lindsay, lighting design by Neil Austin, music by
typically of card or plastic, placed in the center of the table during the bidding period, and marked with numeral, suit and other symbols such that a player can indicate a call by tapping on them with a finger, writing implement, or the like. Largely superseded by bidding boxes. Simple squeeze A squeeze against one opponent, in two suits, with the count (definition 3). Single dummy The normal manner of play, with certain knowledge only of one's own cards and
ultimately based on St Edward's Crown, which has four crosses pattée and four fleurs-de-lis around the rim and two arches. However, depictions have varied depending on the artist. Queen Victoria, for example, favoured a crown with rounded arches of "the type of an earlier time" since at least the 1860s, and in about 1880, after she was proclaimed Empress of India, the heraldic crown was altered to give it a more imperial form by making the arches semi-circular. After the
under Benazir Bhutto, explicitly supported Taliban forces in Afghanistan during the civil wars that erupted after the Soviet-Afghan War ended. This resulted in a major breach, with Iran becoming closer to Pakistan's rival, India. Pakistan's unwavering and continuous support for the Sunni Taliban organization in Afghanistan after the Soviet withdrawal became a problem for Shi'a Iran which opposed a Taliban-controlled Afghanistan. The Pakistani-backed Taliban fought the Iranian-backed Northern Alliance in Afghanistan and gained control of 90 percent of the country,
under a mantle" rogue "proud" ( < ON hrōkr < Gmc) roquet "a pug (dog)" roquette "rocket" ( < It rocchetto "rocket, bobbin" < rocca "distaff, spindle" < Gmc *rukka-, cf Goth *rukka, OHG rocco "distaff", ON rokkr) rosbif "roastbeef" ( < Eng) roseau "a reed" rosse "a nag, poor horse" rosser "to thrash" rôt "roast" rôtir "to roast" rôt rôti rôtie rôtisserie rôtisseur rôtissoire rôtisseur "cookshop master" rouan "roan horse" ( < MFr roan < Sp roano < OSp
under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over. Jade Cargill, professional wrestler Muni Long, singer/songwriter Harold Newton, landscape artist YNW BSlime, rapper YNW Melly, rapper Official Website of the Indian River County
under house arrest until 1977, when he was released from custody by martial law administrator General Fazle Haq due to his failing health. However Yahya remained a recluse. He stayed out from public events and wrote down his memoirs in the form of notes that remain unpublished. He died from a stroke on 10 August 1980 in Rawalpindi, Punjab. Yahya Khan's funeral was marked by full military honors. After his death, the military government under General Zia-ul-Haq, which had taken
under the policies of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Imran Khan, who sought to expand Pakistan's relationship with Iran, and the two countries' joint support for the stability of Afghanistan following the Taliban takeover in 2021. He also offered to serve as a mediator between Saudi Arabia and Iran in their proxy conflict. On August 2, 2025, Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian commenced a two-day delegation to Pakistan, marking his first state visit since taking office. He was accompanied by a
undergraduate student at the University of Texas at Austin, wrote a paper on the subject in 1982 for a political science course. In the paper, Watson argued that the amendment was still "live" and could be ratified. Watson received a "C" grade for his paper from one of the course's teaching assistants. Watson appealed the grade to the course instructor, Sharon Waite, who declined to overrule the teaching assistant. Waite has said, "I kind of glanced at it, but I
undertook a state visit to Tehran, meeting with his Iranian counterpart Karim Sanjabi on 10 March 1979. Both expressed confidence that Iran and Pakistan were going to march together to a brighter future. Agha Shahi held talks with the Ayatollah, Ruhollah Khomeini, in which developments in the region were discussed. Iran's supreme leader, Ruhollah Khomeini, withdrew the country from CENTO and ended its association with the United States. Iran and Pakistan had religiously influenced leaders, with Khomeini being a Shia
unionization rates are more responsive to the interests of the rich. Higher unionization rates increase the likelihood of parental leave policies being adopted. Republican-controlled states are less likely to adopt more restrictive labour policies when unions are strong in the state. Research in the United States found that American congressional representatives were more responsive to the interests of the poor in districts with higher unionization rates. Another 2020 American study found an association between US state level adoption of parental
unions grew with the onset of the Industrial Revolution, the government began to clamp down on what it saw as the danger of popular unrest at the time of the Napoleonic Wars. In 1799, the Combination Act was passed, which banned trade unions and collective bargaining by British workers. Although the unions were subject to often severe repression until 1824, they were already widespread in cities such as London. Workplace militancy had also manifested itself as Luddism and had been
unions play: "In the Continental European System of labour market regulation, the government plays an important role as there is a strong legislative core of employee rights, which provides the basis for agreements as well as a framework for discord between unions on one side and employers or employers' associations on the other. This model was said to be found in EU core countries such as Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands and Italy, and it is also mirrored and emulated
unions set industrial norms as firms try to stop further unionization or losing workers to better-paying competitors. The decline in unionization since the 1960s in the United States has been associated with a pronounced rise in income and wealth inequality and, since 1967, with loss of middle class income. Right-to-work laws have been linked to greater economic inequality in the United States. Research from Norway has found that high unionization rates lead to substantial increases in firm productivity, as well
university, but the Hamoodur Rahman Commission in Pakistan concluded that overwhelming force was used. This fact, and the massacre at Jagannath Hall and nearby student dormitories of Dacca University, are corroborated by a videotape secretly filmed by Professor Nurul Ula of the East Pakistan University of Engineering and Technology, whose residence was directly opposite the student dormitories. The scale of the atrocities was first made clear in the West, when Anthony Mascarenhas, a Pakistani journalist who had been sent to
unrest. This culminated in Operation Searchlight: a brutal military crackdown resulting in the Bengali genocide and causing widespread death and displacement. Khan is viewed negatively in both Bangladesh, where he is considered the architect of the genocide, and Pakistan, where his failure to prevent the country's disintegration is regarded as a national tragedy. Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan was born on 4 February 1917 in the town of Chakwal, Punjab, British India. His family were written to be of Pashtun as
up by Wilman, Clarkson, Hammond and May. The show's name, The Grand Tour, was revealed in May 2016. Clarkson said the name brought to mind the tradition of Grand Tours, and reflected how the show would travel to several different countries to film. There was speculation that the show could be called Gear Knobs after a trademark application was made for that name by an associated company, but Clarkson stated in October 2015 that this would not be the title.
up in the gold country town of Columbia (now Columbia State Park) Mexican miners were so overjoyed at the news that they spontaneously fired off rifle shots and fireworks, sang patriotic songs and made impromptu speeches." A 2007 UCLA Newsroom article notes that "the holiday, which has been celebrated in California continuously since 1863, is virtually ignored in Mexico." Time magazine reports that "Cinco de Mayo started to come into vogue in 1940s America during the rise of the Chicano
up starting, while Montana rehabbed. Wanting a high-value contract, Rice skipped training camp. He eventually signed with the 49ers for a three-year, $7.5 million contract, returning to training camp. On September 13, Rice was knocked unconscious against the Buffalo Bills, and was taken out of the game with a concussion. In Week 7, against the Falcons, Rice had a seven reception, 183-yard performance with two touchdowns to go along with a 26-yard touchdown rush, totaling 209 scrimmage yards in the
upcoming open kung fu tournament, requesting that they leave Dre alone. Li accept Han's request, but threatens that if Dre doesn't show up, he will inflict pain on the both of them. Han teaches Dre kung fu by emphasizing movements that apply to life in general. Serenity and maturity, not punches and power, are the keys to mastering kung fu. He has Dre repeatedly take off and pick up his jacket to develop muscle memory. Han takes him to a
upon the year's end, in which points are granted for satisfactory performance and detracted for infractions. While sneaking through a forbidden corridor, Harry witnesses Professor Severus Snape conversing with Argus Filch about an object being guarded in the corridor he has been eyeing intently. Harry subsequently happens upon the Mirror of Erised, in which he sees his parents. The headmaster Albus Dumbledore appears and explains that the mirror reflects a person's deepest desire. He says that the mirror will be
use of a deceptive play to cause a defender to follow suit with one high card (for example, the king from Kx when the other defender holds the singleton ace). Crocodile coup On defense, second hand's play of a higher card than apparently necessary, so as to obtain the lead. The play is intended to prevent fourth hand from being forced into the lead to make a return favorable to declarer. The name suggests a crocodile opening its maw to
use of autotune. Later that year, Sahanaja was asked if Wilson was reaching the end of his career as a performing artist, responding, "I gotta be honest. Each of the past five years I thought to myself, 'Well, this is probably going to be it.'" In March 2016, Wilson and Al Jardine began the Pet Sounds 50th Anniversary World Tour, billed as his final performances of the album. In a Rolling Stone interview later that year, he responded to a
used as a logo by the Royal Mint. In 2008 a new series of designs for all seven coins of £1 and below was unveiled by the Royal Mint, every one of which is drawn from the royal arms. The full royal arms appear on the one pound coin, and sections appear on each of the other six, which combine to form a complete depiction. The royal arms with the crest but without the helm is used as the rank
used as safe discards in the squeezed position. Red (Slang) Vulnerable. From the color of the paint on a duplicate board. Also: "Red vs. red" to mean both sides vulnerable, and "red vs. white" to mean vulnerable vs. not. (In British slang, those last two expressions are rarely used. The more usual ones are: "(at) game all", "both red" or "(at) red all"; and "at unfavourable", "at red", "red against green" or "red against not".) Redeal In rubber bridge, the
used at a team event: allowing spectators. Normally at least one of two rooms is closed to spectators. 3) Of an event: not restricting entries in some way that is implicit. So participation in an open event is unrestricted in at least one respect: a) not by invitation only (invitational event) b) not by qualification in a preceding event or qualifier c) not by representation of geographic zones, nations, cities, clubs, etc; nor by requirement that pair or team members
used for reviews of testing of vehicles by presenters, alongside the establishment of lap times by cars that are reviewed. The track was eventually sited at the former RAF Wroughton airbase, with its layout consisting of two loops - one large and one small - connected by a single stretch of tarmac between them and christened as the "Eboladrome", due to the design of the track resembling the structure of the Ebola virus. The track was designed to "trip cars
used in exploring for a slam contract (see Bridge conventions (slam seeking)), or for showing stoppers needed for a notrump game. Culbertson four-five notrump A slam-seeking convention devised by Ely Culbertson, in which a player bids 4NT or 5NT to show possession of defined numbers of keycards (aces, and kings in bid suits), and to which that player's partner responds in generally natural fashion. Since the 1950s, it has been almost entirely superseded by variants of the Blackwood convention. Culbertson
used in offset printing processes" oflag "camp where captive officers in Germany were held during WWII" ohé (Interj.) "hey!, halt!" ohm "ohm" ohmique -ois adjective suffix ( < LL -iscus < Frk *-isk < Gmc, cf OE -isc "-ish") -oise one woman show "one woman show" one-man show "one man show" one-step (Dance) "one-step" onlay (Dent.) "onlay" -ons (first person plural indicative ending of verbs, e.g. nous mangeons) ( < OFr -omes, -umes < Frk *-omês, -umês; cf OHG -omēs,
used only when bidding screens are not in place. The warning is made in one of two ways: 1) When bidding boxes are in use, the red Stop card is placed on the table followed by a bid card; LHO is expected to wait 10 seconds before taking action; 2) When bidding boxes are not in use, the jump bidder announces "I am about to make a skip bid, please wait." and then bids. LHO waits 10 seconds. Slam 1)
used, is thought to have been created for the ascension of James I. This crest was blazoned: A tower triple towered or, from the portal a hart springing argent, attired and unguled also or. The torse was Or and azure. The torse and crest were apparently little used even during the period of the Kingdom of Ireland. Unlike Scotland, Ireland did not reserve the right to bear a distinct coat of arms within the United Kingdom. The crest and torse
uses an opening bid of 1♣ as an artificial, forcing opening that promises a strong hand. Strong notrump An opening notrump that shows a balanced hand and 15–17 or 16–18 HCP. Contrast Weak notrump. A partnership's choice between the use of a strong notrump or a weak notrump has extensive implications for its entire bidding system. Strong pass system A bidding system that mandates a pass by first (or second) hand to show what other systems would regard as an
using a travelling tent to provide a mobile "studio", to go along with The Grand Tour name. They would be able to use local audience members, and would give the hosts the opportunity to explore the local culture around cars. According to Wilman, the idea to film audience segments in a tent came from Clarkson, who had seen an episode of True Detective that took place at a Baptist revival ceremony. On 13 December 2018, while shooting the final episode
using dummy's ♦A to win the trick, and leads the ♣Q from dummy to the next trick. East covers the queen with the king, and South takes the trick with the ace, and proceeds by cashing the remaining master ♣J. (If East does not play the king, then South will play a low club from South's hand and the queen will win anyway, this being the essence of the finesse). The game is now safe: South ruffs a small club
usually depicted as "antique" or "eastern": a gold rim with eight sharp, triangular rays, of which five are seen. The arms of Ulster are the arms of the de Burgh, Earls of Ulster, combined with the red hand seal of the O'Neills. These two dynasties and symbols are inseparably linked to Ulster. The combination of them is blazoned Or, on a Cross Gules, an inescutcheon Argent, charged with a dexter hand erect aupaumee and couped at the wrist Gules. Finally,
usually in rubber and Chicago games, where the cards are not thoroughly shuffled between deals and are dealt in groups. It results in "wild" card distributions. Grand coup A trump coup in which the cards ruffed in the long trump hand are already winners. Grand slam See slam. Green (Slang, mainly British) Non-vulnerable. From the colour of the paint on a duplicate board. Also: "green all" and "both green", neither side vulnerable; and "at green" or "green against red", non-vulnerable
valid. The Bridge World (TBW) A monthly magazine based in New York City, The Bridge World is the oldest continuously published periodical concerning contract bridge, and the game's most prestigious technical journal. Broken sequence A sequence of honor cards, one or more of which is missing, for example AQJ. Bullet (Slang) An ace. Bump (Slang) A single raise of partner. Used as a noun or a verb. In duplicate bridge, an adaptation of the Mitchell movement to accommodate a half
vandalisme varangue "floor of a ship" varech "kelp, sea-wrack" varlope "a jointer, plane" varloper vase "slime, mud" vaseux vasistas "casement window" ( < Germ "Was ist das?" < Gmc) verbiage "verbiage" ( < OFr werbloier < Frk *werbilôn, cf English "warble" "whirl" and "twirl" ) vindas "windlass" voguer "to row" vogue vrac "in a jumble" ( < Dut wrac, cf Eng "wreck", "wrack", "varec", "wreak", "wretch" ) W.C. (also W.C) "toilette" ( < Eng water closet) wad wading wagage wagnérien
variations within the Coton de Tulear breed, primarily differing in breed standards and the size of the dog populations. Malagasy Cotons, following the CTCA standard, can be larger and come in various colors, while European Cotons, adhering to the FCI standard, are typically smaller and primarily white. However, both are still considered the same breed, with DNA evidence confirming their genetic similarity. Dogs portal List of dog breeds Bichon Rare breed (dog) Havanese CTCA Breed Standards
varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall have intervened. Several states raised the issue of Congressional salaries as they debated whether to ratify the Constitution. North Carolina's ratifying convention proposed several amendments to the Constitution, including the following: "The laws ascertaining the compensation of senators and representatives, for their services, shall be postponed in their operation until after the election of representatives immediately succeeding the passing thereof;
verdict for the fourth officer charged with using excessive force. The verdicts were based in part on the first three seconds of a blurry, 13-second segment of the videotape that, according to journalist Lou Cannon, had not been aired by television news stations in their broadcasts. Afterward, the prosecution suggested that the jurors may have acquitted the officers due to them becoming desensitized to the beating's violence, as the defense played the videotape repeatedly in slow motion, breaking it down
verses of "Guess I'm Dumb" and the intro to "California Girls". Other songs are characterized by "syncopated exercises and counterpoints piled on top of jittery eighth-note clusters and loping shuffle grooves", features that took "an almost manic edge" in Wilson's work during the 1970s, according to producer Alan Boyd. Wilson generally collaborated with another lyricist, although he occasionally composed both words and music alone. Most of his songs explore introspective themes, and several portray the male object or narrator as
version of the prelude to the Ode to Joy, the 4th movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's ninth symphony. The anthem was adopted by European Community leaders in 1985 and has since been played on official occasions. Besides naming the continent, the Greek mythological figure of Europa has frequently been employed as a personification of Europe. Known from the myth in which Zeus seduces her in the guise of a white bull, Europa has also been referred to in relation to
version) The Karate Kid at Box Office Mojo The Karate Kid at Rotten Tomatoes Ralph Macchio of "Cobra Kai" on Memoir "Waxing On: The Karate Kid and Me"– The View, October 18, 2022. The Karate Kid and Cobra Kai – Reunited Apart, December 21, 2020 "The Karate Kid" 30th Anniversary Panel Discussion, Q+A—sponsored by the Japanese American National Museum, Los Angeles, September 9, 2014.
versions: the Senate official who was to receive any written declaration under the amendment; the period of time during which the vice president and principal officers of the executive departments must decide whether they disagree with the president's declaration that he is fit to resume the duties of the presidency; the time before Congress meets to resolve the issue; the time limit for Congress to reach a decision. On July 6, after a conference committee ironed out differences between the
very few professional associations obtained the right to negotiate salaries and working conditions for their members, notably the medical doctor's association Marburger Bund and the pilots association Vereinigung Cockpit. The engineer's association Verein Deutscher Ingenieure does not strive to act as a union, as it also represents the interests of engineering businesses. Beyond the classification listed above, unions' relations with political parties vary. In many countries unions are tightly bonded, or even share leadership, with a political party intended to
viciousness or extreme shyness; unilateral or bilateral deafness; hanging ears; cropped ears; hairlessness; any suggestion of kink or curl in tail; merle. Like the Rat Terrier, the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier of today is bred for versatility, including hunting instincts, soundness of health, great temperament, and good looks. Teddy Roosevelt Terriers have higher than average prey drive and will chase squirrels, rats, stray cats, and any other animals they consider prey. They also dig and follow mole trails, leaving an array
victim may travel to the United Kingdom to have an abortion. February 28 – Ownership of the port town of Walvis Bay is transferred from South Africa to Namibia. March 1 – The first victims of the Bosnian War are a Serb bridegroom's father and an Orthodox priest in a Sarajevo shooting. In the Bosnian independence referendum, held from February 29 to March 1 and boycotted by Bosnian Serbs, the majority of the Bosniak and Bosnian Croat communities have voted
victory, he had no targets but did have a three-yard rush to go along with a 15-yard punt return. In the following game, a 31–24 loss to the Atlanta Falcons, he recorded a 51-yard touchdown reception for his first professional catch. In a Week 11 loss to the Detroit Lions, Moore had a breakout game with seven receptions for 157 yards and a touchdown. Overall, he finished his rookie season with 55 receptions for 788 yards and two touchdowns. He
victory. For his game against Tampa Bay, he won NFC Offensive Player of the Week. Two weeks later, he had eight receptions for 166 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 35–10 victory over the Los Angeles Rams. In Week 16, he had four receptions for 132 receiving yards and one touchdown in the 55–17 victory over the Detroit Lions. Rice caught 98 receptions for 1,503 yards and 15 touchdowns in the 1993 season; both his receiving yards and
video game market of China was the world's largest by revenue. China has the most comprehensive and sophisticated Internet censorship regime in the world called the Great Firewall, with numerous websites being blocked. The Great Firewall has allowed China to develop its own major internet services and companies, such as Tencent, Alibaba, Baidu, Douyin, Xiaohongshu, Bilibili and Weibo. The Cyberspace Administration of China acts as the national internet regulator and censor. China requires a real-name system for Internet services and
video was released on May 31, 2010. The film started with "Do You Remember" by Jay Sean featuring Sean Paul and Lil Jon. "Remember the Name" by Fort Minor was used in the trailer to promote the movie. Parts of the song, "Back in Black" by AC/DC and "Higher Ground" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, were also used in the film. The song "Hip Song" by Rain is used for promotion in the Asian countries and it appeared in
view the ♣K is offside. Contrast Onside. Olympiad A world bridge championship held every four years under the auspices of the World Bridge Federation. On 1) Makeable. A contract that can be made is said to be on. 2) Onside. 3) (Suffix) In rubber bridge, preceded by a number that indicates progress toward game. If one has 40 points Below the line, one has 40-on. One club system A bidding system that uses a bid of 1♣ as artificial and
violent judgments. Yahya Khan attempted to solve Pakistan's constitutional and inter-provincial rivalry problems once he took over power from Ayub Khan in March 1969. His earlier initiatives were directed at establishing the National Security Council (NSC), with Major-General Ghulam Omar as its first advisor. It was formed to analyse and prepare assessments towards issues of political and national security. M.M. Ahmad, then Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of Pakistan told Henry Kissinger that the state "had now realized that
virtues of such fits or contracts, some bidding styles designed to locate them, and some techniques for playing them well. MUD Acronym of "Middle, Up, Down", a lead convention which describes the sequence in which cards from a holding of three low ones (all less in rank than the 10) are played. Muiderberg convention A weak two-bid showing five cards in a major and at least four cards in another suit. Multi An ambiguous opening bid of 2♦ that promises
visit was arranged to allow Musharraf to explain the reasons for his takeover in Pakistan. The meetings included discussions on the situation in Afghanistan, which were intended to lead both countries to "coordinate the policies of our two countries for encouraging the peace process through reconciliation and dialogue among the Afghan parties". In 1998, Iran accused Pakistan of committing war crimes in Bamyan, Afghanistan, claiming that Pakistani warplanes had bombarded Afghanistan's last Shi'a stronghold in support of the Taliban government.
voting power in the band's corporate structure, and he was involuntarily admitted for a three-day stay at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica. By the end of the year, his weight exceeded 340 pounds (150 kg). In 1982, after Wilson overdosed on alcohol, cocaine, and other drugs, his family and management staged an elaborate ruse to persuade him to reenter Landy's program. On November 5, the group falsely informed Wilson that he was destitute and no longer a Beach Boy,
vulnerable, undoubled. This scores 200 penalty points for North-South above the line. Deal 4: South bids 4♠ doubled, not vulnerable and makes 5. North-South score 240 contract tricks below the line, 100 overtrick points above the line and 50 points for 'insult' above the line. Accumulating 100 or more points below the line constitutes the end of the second game, signified by the drawing of a horizontal line. Having won a game, North-South are now also vulnerable for all subsequent
waived him with an injury designation. After clearing waivers, he was placed on the Redskins' injured reserve. On May 4, 2015, he was waived by the Redskins. Rice was signed to the practice roster of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League on October 8, 2015. On June 14, 2016, he was released by the Alouettes. Rice is the second oldest of four children and the son of Jerry Rice and older brother of Brenden Rice. He is also
walks, and 11+1⁄3 innings pitched in nine games). Wilson began 2006 with the Grizzlies before getting called up to the majors on April 23 to replace Tyler Walker, who was designated for assignment after struggling to begin the season. He made his major league debut that day in relief, pitching two innings, surrendering two hits and no runs while striking out three. He later revealed that he hurt himself during his first inning but continued pitching through the second without
want those made public because they bring up bad memories. I don't think about the old days anymore. I never do." Sahanaja told Australian Musician, "In six years of touring this is the happiest we've ever seen Brian, I mean consistently happy and it's got to be because of the music. [...] Who would have thought … of all things…Smile." BWPS received widespread acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from
war as Bengali members of the Pakistan Armed Forces and the police mutinied, forming the Mukti Bahini along with members of the general public, with the goal of launching unconventional and hit-and-run operations. A government-in-exile formed across the border in India and proclaimed the independent state of Bangladesh, appointing Sheikh Mujibur Rahman as its head despite him being in a West Pakistan prison at the time. Violent disorder and chaos accompanied the Pakistan Army's systematic and deliberate campaign of killing
war of 1965. The Pakistani 23 Armoured Division under Maj Gen Iftikhar Janjua pushed through the region held by the Indian 10 Division with superior equipment commanded by Maj Gen Jaswant Singh. Till 9 December, the Pakistani commander Maj Gen Janjua perished but the Pakistani forces were able to force the Indian units to retreat by 11 December. Pakistan retained the territory won in this battle after the Simla Agreement. On 4 December, a Pakistani unit from the 18 Infantry
war prisoners, with Lieutenant-General A.A.K. Niazi being the last war prisoner to be handed over to Pakistan. The treaty also gave back more than 13,000 km2 of land that the Indian Army had seized in Pakistan during the war, though India retained a few strategic areas, including Turtuk, Dhothang, Tyakshi (earlier called Tiaqsi) and Chalunka of Chorbat Valley, which was more than 883 km2. The Indian hardliners, however, felt that the treaty had been too lenient to President Bhutto, who
warning disappointment for fans expecting fidelity. Conrad found it loosely faithful, maintaining the books' spirit. The voice acting was a strong point, with Conrad, Villoria, Rybicki, and MacDonald praising the use of British accents and decent performances, especially for characters like Snape. The music received mixed feedback: Conrad found it fitting, but Villoria criticized its sparse, unremarkable presence compared to the PC version's superior score. In its debut month, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was the highest selling PlayStation
was "far superior intellectually and musically" to Spector and "a world apart". Keyboardist Don Randi similarly expressed admiration for Wilson's chord choices, referring to him as "the Bill Evans of rock 'n' roll". Drummer Hal Blaine, who guided the tempo of Wilson's songs and assisted in developing their skeletal arrangements, recalled that all of the musicians "helped arrange, as far as I'm concerned". Through his engrossment in Phil Spector's music, Wilson learned to approach records in terms of production rather
was a companion dog of the Merina (the ruling tribe) in Madagascar. It has a very little prey drive and is not a hunting dog. The cottony coat may be the result of a single gene mutation. This small, friendly dog caught the fancy of the Malagasy royalty, and they became the only people allowed to keep Cotons. When Dr. Robert Jay Russell encountered the breed in Madagascar in 1973 and brought the first ones to America, he coined the
was a sense that senatorial elections were "bought and sold", changing hands for favors and sums of money rather than because of the competence of the candidate. Between 1857 and 1900, the Senate investigated three elections over corruption. In 1900, for example, William A. Clark resigned after a Senate committee concluded that he had bought votes in the Montana legislature. But conservative analysts Jay Bybee and Todd Zywicki say this concern was largely unfounded; there was a "dearth of hard
was already directly elected), a constitutional amendment would be pointless. The reform was considered by opponents to threaten the rights and independence of the states, who were "sovereign, entitled ... to have a separate branch of Congress ... to which they could send their ambassadors." This was countered by the argument that a change in the mode in which senators were elected would not change their responsibilities. The Senate freshman class of 1910 brought new hope to the reformers. Fourteen
was also founded in 1948 to manage the Marshall Plan, which led to the Soviets creating Comecon in response. The ensuing Hague Congress of May 1948 was a pivotal moment in European integration, as it led to the creation of the European Movement International, the College of Europe, and most importantly to the foundation of the Council of Europe on 5 May 1949 (which is now Europe Day). The Council of Europe was one of the first institutions to bring
was also intrigued by astrology, numerology, and the occult, as reflected in his original concepts for Smile. In 1966, Wilson expressed his belief that all music "starts with religion", and while he recognized a "higher being who is better than we are", he was not traditionally religious. In the late 1960s, Wilson and his bandmates promoted Transcendental Meditation (TM). By 1968, he had equated religion and meditation, though he ultimately abandoned TM. He described himself in 1976 as having over-diversified
was also twice acquitted, was fired after the appointment of Willie L. Williams as Chief of Police. The Los Angeles Police Commission declined to renew Williams's contract, citing failure to fulfill his mandate to create meaningful change in the department. Susan Clemmer, an officer who gave crucial testimony for the defense during the officers' first trial, committed suicide in July 2009 in the lobby of a Los Angeles Sheriff's Station. She had ridden in the ambulance with King and testified
was announced on 19 October 2021 and included Trevor White as Harry Potter, Gregory Prest as Ron Weasley, Sarah Afful as Hermione Granger, Trish Lindstrom as Ginny Potter, and Brad Hodder as Draco Malfoy. Other lead cast members included Luke Kimball as Albus Potter, Hailey Alexis Lewis as Rose Granger-Weasley, and Thomas Mitchell Barnet as Scorpius Malfoy. The production began previews on 31 May 2022, with an official opening night on 19 June 2022. The play set a Canadian weekly
was bumped back down the depth chart during the preseason. In four preseason games, Rice caught four passes for 24 yards. On September 5, 2005, Rice announced his retirement after 20 seasons. Because he never played for Denver outside of the preseason, Rice was only allowed his guaranteed money for a grand total of $25,000. In August 2006, the 49ers announced that Rice would sign a contract with them, allowing him to retire as a member of the team where
was delayed and ultimately did not proceed before the ceasefire on December 17, 1971. His leadership during the conflict, while marked by bold initiatives, has been subject to scrutiny in post-war analyses. He was also one of the chief architects of the Bangladesh genocide, which took place during the Bangladesh Liberation War, alongside Yahya Khan and Tikka Khan. He is portrayed by Hobby Dhaliwal in the 2023 Indian film IB 71, which is based on the 1971 Indian Airlines hijacking.
was during the reign of Henry VIII in the Ecclesiastical Appeals Act 1532, which declared that "this realm of England is an empire ... governed by one Supreme Head and King having the dignity and royal estate of the imperial Crown of the same". The actual form of the crown has varied over time. In England, the heraldic crown is ultimately based on St Edward's Crown, which has four crosses pattée and four fleurs-de-lis around the rim and two arches.
was from Talbot County, Georgia. Together they compiled, transcribed, and composed tunes, and published a book of over 250 songs. King died soon after the book was published, and White was left to guide its growth. He was responsible for organizing singing schools and conventions at which The Sacred Harp was used as the songbook. During his lifetime, the book became popular and would go through three revisions (1850, 1859, and 1869), all produced by committees consisting of White and
was going on. In a survey of local residents in 2010, 77 percent felt that the economic situation in Los Angeles had significantly worsened since 1992. From 1992 to 2007, the Black population dropped by 123,000, while the Latino population grew more than 450,000. According to the Los Angeles police statistics, violent crime fell by 76 percent between 1992 and 2010, which was a period of declining crime across the country. It was accompanied by lessening tensions between racial groups.
was graded suitable for human consumption by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2024. China has prioritized clamping down on pollution, bringing a significant decrease in air pollution in the 2010s. In 2020, the Chinese government announced its aims for the country to reach its peak emissions levels before 2030, and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060 in line with the Paris Agreement, which, according to Climate Action Tracker, would lower the expected rise in global temperature by 0.2–0.3 degrees
was in 1969, before transitioning into the middle school. In 2018, the Historic Macedonia Church was converted into the Gifford Historical Museum by the Gifford Community Cultural & Resource Center (GCCRC). One of the highlights of Gifford is the Victor Hart Sr. Community Enhancement Complex located at the northern end of 43rd Avenue. The complex was renamed in 2017 to honor Mr. Hart for his work and outreach in the community. Gifford is in eastern Indian River County, on the
was initially unhappy about Rice and preferred that Mitchell see another boy that lived in Greenville, Mississippi, but after meeting Rice in person she approved of him. Rice's record-breaking season at Mississippi Valley State caught the attention of NFL scouts. Sources vary on his 40-yard dash time, which was measured between 4.45 and 4.71 seconds. Both the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers showed interest in him. San Francisco had won two out of the previous four Super Bowls prior
was largely ethnically Bengali and approximately three-fourths Muslim (as of the 1961 Census). In addition, Yahya also inherited the challenge of transforming a country essentially ruled by one man into a democratic country, which was the ideological basis of the anti-Ayub movement of 1968–69. Once in office, Yahya Khan was tasked with leading the country, drafting of a provisional constitution, resolving the One Unit question, and satisfying the frustrations and the sense of exploitation stirring in the "East Wing" (East
was leaked that the United States government would attempt to persuade "Austria, Hungary, Italy, and Poland" to depart the EU in a Brexit-type manner. Since the end of World War II, most sovereign European countries have entered into treaties and thereby co-operated and harmonised policies (or pooled sovereignty) in an increasing number of areas, in the European integration project or the construction of Europe (French: la construction européenne). The following timeline outlines the legal inception of the European Union (EU)—the
was met by brutal and suppressive force from the ruling elite of the West Pakistan establishment, in what came to be termed Operation Searchlight. The Pakistan Army's violent crackdown led Awami League leader Sheikh Mujibur Rahman to declare independence of East Pakistan as the sovereign state of Bangladesh on 26 March 1971. Most Bengalis supported this move, although some Islamists and Biharis opposed it and sided with the Pakistan Army instead. Pakistani president Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan ordered the Pakistani
was named a unanimous All-American in after leading the FBS in receiving yards with 1,569. Nabers declared for the 2024 NFL draft following the season, finishing as LSU's all-time leader in receiving yards with 3,003. Nabers was selected by the New York Giants sixth overall in the 2024 NFL draft. In the offseason, Nabers and former LSU teammate Jayden Daniels received guidance from the league on its gambling policy for proposing a friendly $10,000 bet on which of the two
was played in 44% of US households. The game is still widely played, especially amongst retirees, and in 2005 the ACBL estimated there were 25 million players in the US. As of 2015, the average age of contract bridge players in the US was 71. The game rose in popularity online during the COVID-19 pandemic. Bridge is a four-player partnership trick-taking game with thirteen tricks per deal. The dominant variations of the game are rubber bridge, which is more common
was recalled to Pakistan, relinquishing the Eastern Command to Lieutenant General Amir Khan Niazi, and given command of the II Corps based in Multan, Punjab. He commanded the II Corps during the 1971 war with India. Indian Major General D. K. Palit has questioned the wisdom of Tikka Khan's tactics used in the Battle of Chhamb in December, citing high II Corps casualties incurred during Pakistani frontal attacks. In 1972, President Zulfikar Ali Bhutto removed Lieutenant General Gul Hassan Khan
was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United Kingdom on 22 October 2018 and worldwide on 13 November 2018. Rotten Tomatoes reported a 89% approval rating for the second season based on 85 reviews, with an average rating of 8.30/10. The website's critical consensus read "The Crown continues its reign with a self-assured sophomore season that indulges in high drama and sumptuous costumes." On Metacritic, the second season holds a score of 87 out of 100, based on 27
was solely focused on air combat, was blown out of the subcontinent's skies within the first week of the war. Those PAF aircraft that survived took refuge at Iranian air bases or in concrete bunkers, refusing to offer a fight. India flew 1,978 sorties in the East and about 4,000 in Pakistan, while the PAF flew about 30 and 2,840 at the respective fronts. By the end of the war, India had lost 45–65 aircraft while Pakistan lost 75. Officially,
was taking [...] a lot of pills, and it fouled me up for a while. It got me really introspective". Over five months, he planned an album that would elevate his music to "a spiritual level". In December 1965, Wilson enlisted jingle writer Tony Asher as his lyricist for the Beach Boys' next album, Pet Sounds (May 1966). He produced most of the album between January and April 1966 across multiple Hollywood studios, mainly employing his bandmates for singing vocal
was this book, now distributed in several different versions, that came to be the shape-note tradition with the largest number of participants. B. F. White (1800–1879) was originally from Union County, South Carolina, but since 1842 had been living in Harris County, Georgia. He prepared The Sacred Harp in collaboration with a younger man, E. J. King, (c. 1821–44), who was from Talbot County, Georgia. Together they compiled, transcribed, and composed tunes, and published a book of over 250 songs.
was ultimately repelled by Indian forces. Hamid Khan oversaw the II Corps offensive into the Indian Punjab. The plan involved advancing from Bahawalnagar towards Bathinda and Ludhiana. Under his directive, major elements of the 1st Armored Division began mobilization on December 15, 1971. Small advancements were made by Pakistani troops. However, due to subsequent orders to halt movements, the offensive was delayed and ultimately did not proceed before the ceasefire on December 17, 1971. His leadership during the conflict, while
was unanimous (99 to 0) and the House vote was 414 to 3. Congressional cost-of-living adjustments (COLA) have been upheld against legal challenges based on this amendment. In Boehner v. Anderson, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled that the first COLA was in accord with the amendment because it took effect after the election that followed its vote. The court declined to rule on the constitutionality of COLAs in general. In Schaffer v.
watringue watt watt-heure watté wattman wattmètre wavellite weber webstérite week-end "weekend" ( < Eng < Gmc) welche wellingtonia weltanschauung welter wergeld wernérite werthérien western western-macaroni western-soja western-spaghetti westphalien westphalienne wharf whig whiggisme whigisme whipcord whist "whist" ( < Eng < Gmc) whisteur white spirit whitérite wili willémite willemite willi williams winch winchester wintergreen wisigoth wisigothe wisigothique withérite witloof wolfram wolframite wollastonite würmien würtzite ( also wurtzite) yacht "yacht" ( < Eng < Dut < Gmc) yacht-club yachting yachtman yachtsman yachtwoman
way to conflict with the U.S.? The review contends that rather than providing a definitive answer on how to avoid the repetition of conflict, Kissinger looks backward to the relationship of Germany and Britain a century ago. Jasper Becker, a British author and commentator, criticised Kissinger's book for failing to address the key question "why and how did President Richard Nixon decide that it was in America's interests to protect communist China?". Becker contends that Kissinger failed to articulate why
weak notrump. Keycard Blackwood, or Key Card Blackwood (KCB) A variant of the Blackwood convention in which five keycards are counted, four aces plus the king of the apparent trump suit, rather than four aces alone. Commonly there is a follow-up to ask about the queen of trump ("Queen ask"), effectively the sixth keycard. Kibitzer A spectator who attends a game in person. Kickback An ace-asking or keycard-asking convention initiated by the first step above four of the apparent trump
weakened by the An Lushan rebellion in the 8th century. In 907, the Tang disintegrated completely when the local military governors became ungovernable. The Song dynasty ended the separatist situation in 960, leading to a balance of power between the Song and the Liao dynasty. The Song was the first government in world history to issue paper money and the first Chinese polity to establish a permanent navy which was supported by the developed shipbuilding industry along with the sea
website's critical consensus reads: "Cobra Kai continues the Karate Kid franchise with a blend of pleasantly corny nostalgia and teen angst, elevated by a cast of well-written characters." Cobra Kai was 2018's best-reviewed TV drama on Rotten Tomatoes. Metacritic assigned the season a score of 72 out of 100 based on 11 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The second season had a positive response from critics. At the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, it holds an 91% approval rating with
well as penalties for exceeding them were removed. According to one group of scholars, one-child limits had little effect on population growth or total population size. However, these scholars have been challenged. The policy, along with traditional preference for boys, may have contributed to an imbalance in the sex ratio at birth. The 2020 census found that males accounted for 51.2% of the total population. However, China's sex ratio is more balanced than it was in 1953, when males accounted
well-recorded soft pop, they did not sell, and within a year of the debut, Spector disbanded the group. Their demise was hastened by Kleinbard being seriously injured in 1960 in a car accident. Spector was not the only Teddy Bear who went on to a music career after the group broke up. Annette Kleinbard continued to write and record songs, and changed her name to Carol Connors. Among her credits are the Rip Chords hit "Hey Little Cobra", and the
were a tool to use against India, including bogging down the Indian Army in Kashmir. Writing about the war in Foreign Affairs magazine, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto stated "There is no parallel in contemporary history to the cataclysm which engulfed Pakistan in 1971. A tragic civil war, which rent asunder the people of the two parts of Pakistan, was seized by India as an opportunity for armed intervention. The country was dismembered, its economy shattered and the nation's self-confidence totally undermined."
were being smuggled annually, causing economic losses exceeding PKR 60 billion. With about 76 dealers involved, the proceeds from the smuggling have also been used by terrorists. During the 2019 Iran floods, Pakistan's National Disaster Management Authority, on the order of the country's Prime Minister Imran Khan sent 32 tonnes of relief goods to Iran. The consignment comprising two shipments contained 500 tents, 3,300 blankets and emergency medical kits. The relief goods were transferred using two C-130 aircraft. Previously Pakistan's
were brought in. With the groups mingled, charges could not be brought against individuals for stealing from specific stores, and the police had to release them all. In the weeks after the rioting, more than 11,000 people were arrested. Many of the looters in Black communities were turned in by their neighbors, who were angry about the destruction of businesses who employed locals and provided basic needs such as groceries. Many of the looters, fearful of prosecution by law enforcement
were elected would not change their responsibilities. The Senate freshman class of 1910 brought new hope to the reformers. Fourteen of the thirty newly elected senators had been elected through party primaries, which amounted to popular choice in their states. More than half of the states had some form of primary selection for the Senate. The Senate finally joined the House to submit the Seventeenth Amendment to the states for ratification, nearly ninety years after it first was presented to
were established by treaties. These increasingly amalgamated bodies grew, with their legal successor the EU, both in size through the accessions of a further 22 states from 1973 to 2013, and in power through acquisitions of policy areas. In 2020, the United Kingdom became the only member state to leave the EU; ten countries are aspiring or negotiating to join it. Internationalism and visions of European unity had existed since well before the 19th century, but gained particularly as a
were involved in the liberation of East Pakistan. They were supported by nearly three brigades of Mukti Bahini fighting alongside them, and many more who were fighting irregularly. That was far superior to the Pakistani army of three divisions. The Indians quickly overran the country, selectively engaging or bypassing heavily defended strongholds. Pakistani forces were unable to effectively counter the Indian attack, as they had been deployed in small units around the border to counter the guerrilla attacks by the
were not mentally prepared to accept the magnitude of this kind of defeat, as the state media had been projecting imaginary victories. When the ceasefire that came from the surrender of East Pakistan was finally announced, the people could not come to terms with the magnitude of defeat; spontaneous demonstrations and massive protests erupted on the streets of major metropolitan cities in Pakistan. According to Pakistani historians, the trauma was extremely severe, and the cost of the war for Pakistan
were reversed. In 1816, the electorate of Hanover became a kingdom, and the bonnet was replaced with a crown. In 1837, Victoria became Queen of the United Kingdom, but not of Hanover, as the latter followed Salic law which barred women from the succession. The Hanoverian inescutcheon was therefore removed, and the royal arms reached the form they have retained to the present. The only changes since have been cosmetic, such as altering the depiction of the Irish harp so
were scored below the line toward game or a slam bonus, a change that resulted in bidding becoming much more challenging and interesting. Also new was the concept of "vulnerability", which made sacrificing to protect the lead in a rubber more expensive. The various scores were adjusted to produce a more balanced and interesting game. Vanderbilt set out his rules in 1925, and within a few years contract bridge had so supplanted other forms of the game that "bridge" became
were suspended because of the COVID-19 pandemic. On 9 February 2022, the play reopened, this time as the newly staged one-part version. Most of the lead cast members reprised their roles, alongside new cast members Steve O'Connell as Ron Weasley, Lily Mojekwu as Hermione Granger, and Abbi Hawk as Ginny Potter. The San Francisco production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child closed on 11 September 2022, following 393 performances. On 5 July 2018, it was announced that the play
were upset because they suspected shoplifting from their black customers and neighbors. Many black customers were angry because they routinely felt disrespected and humiliated by Korean store owners. Neither group fully understood the extent of the cultural differences and language barriers, which further fueled tensions. On March 16, 1991, a year before the Los Angeles riots, storekeeper Soon Ja Du shot and killed Black ninth-grader Latasha Harlins after a physical altercation. Du was convicted of voluntary manslaughter and the jury
west of Guam International Airport, resulting in the deaths of 228 people. August 13 – Trey Parker and Matt Stone's animated television comedy series, South Park, started broadcasting with the first episode, Cartman Gets an Anal Probe, on Comedy Central. August 20 – More than 60 are killed, 15 kidnapped in the Souhane massacre in Algeria. August 26 60–100 are killed in the Beni Ali massacre in Algeria. The Independent International Commission on Decommissioning is set up in Northern Ireland,
what the vendor wants, and thus need to keep lifting the price until the reserve price is reached. The method has been the subject of increased controversy during the twenty-first century as house prices sky-rocketed. The rapidly rising housing market saw many homes, especially in Victoria and New South Wales, selling for significantly more than both the vendors' reserve price and the advertised price range. Subsequently, the auction systems' lack of transparency about the value of the property was brought
what would have been a long touchdown on the game's first drive. The 49ers lost 49–3. In the first game of the 1987 season, against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Rice went for eight receptions and 108 yards with a touchdown in a 30–17 loss. The following week against the Cincinnati Bengals, Rice recorded four receptions for 86 yards and two touchdowns in a 27–26 victory. The NFL Players Association began a strike after the season's second game, causing Rice to miss
when Daniel uses a scissor-leg technique to trip Johnny, delivering a blow to the back of his head and giving Johnny a nosebleed. Kreese directs Johnny to sweep Daniel's injured leg – an unethical move. Johnny looks horrified at the order but reluctantly agrees. As the match resumes and the score is tied 2–2, Johnny seizes Daniel's leg and deals a vicious elbow, doing further damage. Daniel, standing with difficulty, assumes the "Crane" stance, a technique he observed Mr. Miyagi
when Hungary and Poland withdrew their vetoes after further negotiations in the council and the European Council. Bodies combatting fraud have also been established, including the European Anti-fraud Office and the European Public Prosecutor's Office. The latter is a decentralised independent body of the European Union (EU), established under the Treaty of Lisbon between 22 of the 27 states of the EU following the method of enhanced cooperation. The European Public Prosecutor's Office investigate and prosecute fraud against the budget
when Samuel Baker presided over the disposal of "several hundred scarce and valuable" books from the library of an acquaintance. Christie's, now the world's largest auction house, was founded by James Christie in 1766 in London and published its first auction catalog that year, although newspaper advertisements of Christie's sales dating from 1759 have been found. Other early auction houses that are still in operation include Göteborgs Auktionsverk (1681), Dorotheum (1707), Uppsala auktionskammare (1731), Mallams (1788), Bonhams (1793), Phillips de
when YouTube's global head of original content Susanne Daniels described the show: "It is a half an hour format but I would call it a dramedy. I think it leans into the tone of the movie in that there are dramatic moments throughout. I think it's very faithful really in some ways to what the movie set about doing, the lessons imparted in the movie if you will. It's next generation Karate Kid." Several trailers for the show were released
when a president is unable to discharge the powers and duties of the presidency, rather than, as the Twenty-fifth Amendment does, having the Constitution so provide. This proposal was based upon a recommendation of the American Bar Association in 1960. The text of the proposal read: In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or resignation, the said office shall devolve on the Vice President. In case of the inability of the President to
when the play of the rest of the hand is obvious. Claims are often inadvisable: apart from the possibility of a mistaken analysis, it can take longer to explain the line of play than to play it. See also Concession. Clear a suit Knock out an opponent's high-card control of a suit, or unblock one's own high cards. Closed hand Declarer's hand (as distinct from the dummy, which is faced or open). Closed room In a team match, a room
where Khatami also paid his respects at the tomb of Allama Sir Muhammad Iqbal. A Joint communique was issued by Iran and Pakistan on the conclusion of Khatami's visit. On his return to Tehran, Khatami evaluated the trip as "positive and fruitful". As in return, Jamali paid a state visit in 2003 where he held talks with economic cooperation, security of the region, and better bilateral ties between Pakistan and Iran. During this visit, Jamali gave valuable advises to Iranian
where a small slam should be the normal contract. They might also make close doubles of normal contracts that might go down. Swish (Slang) Three consecutive passes, ending the auction. "3♠ – swish" means 3♠ passed out. Swiss, or Swiss Teams A Swiss-system tournament for teams-of-four. Every team plays a series of matches with a series of opponents whose records or standings are as similar as possible when they face each other, without scheduling repeat matches. Typically these are relatively
where all seven babies are born alive, and the first in which all survive infancy. November 27 – NASA's Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission is launched, the start of the satellite component of the Clouds and the Earth's Radiant Energy System. December 1 – In the Indian state of Bihar, Ranvir Sena attacks the CPI(ML) Party Unity stronghold Lakshmanpur-Bathe, killing 63 lower caste people December 3 – In Ottawa (Canada) representatives from 121 countries sign a treaty prohibiting the manufacture and
where he was isolated from friends and family and placed on a strict diet and health regimen. Combined with counseling sessions that retaught him basic social etiquette, the treatment restored his physical health. By March 1983, he had returned to Los Angeles and was moved, under Landy's direction, to a Malibu home where he lived with several of Landy's aides and was cut off from many of his own friends and family. Between 1983 and 1986, Landy charged approximately $430,000
where the relevant Categories are Youth (with subcategories), Seniors, Women, and Open. For the WBF, transnational means open in sense (c). Opener The player who makes the opening bid. Opener's rebid Opener's second bid. Opening bid The first bid in the auction. Opening lead The first card led by defenders. The dummy is not faced until after the opening lead, which makes the choice of opening lead more difficult than other leads. The opening lead can determine the outcome of
whether the queen or the jack is held or played, as well as to emphasize that it does not matter. See Principle of restricted choice. Qualifying (Adjective) A session or sessions preliminary to the final of an event. Quantitative 1) Of a bid: A call based, usually, on high card points, rather than a feature such as fit or shortness. A raise from 1NT to 3NT based on a 4–3–3–3 hand with 10 HCP is a quantitative raise. 2) Of
which Hutton had introduced him. Hutton later stated that Wilson expressed suicidal ideation during this period, describing it as the onset of Wilson's "real decline". In mid-1968, he was admitted to a psychiatric hospital, possibly voluntarily. His hospitalization was kept private, and his bandmates proceeded with recording sessions for 20/20 (February 1969). Journalist Nik Cohn wrote in 1968 that Brian had become the subject of rumors describing him as "increasingly withdrawn", "brooding", and "hermitic" [sic], with occasional sightings of him
which Zeus seduces her in the guise of a white bull, Europa has also been referred to in relation to the present union. Statues of Europa and the bull decorate several of the EU's institutions and a portrait of her is seen on the 2013 series of euro banknotes. The bull is, for its part, depicted on all residence permit cards. Charles the Great, also known as Charlemagne (Latin: Carolus Magnus) and later recognised as Pater Europae ("Father of Europe"),
which case the round is considered to be "passed out" and not played. The player from the declaring side who first bid the denomination named in the final contract becomes declarer. The player left to the declarer leads to the first trick. Dummy then lays his or her cards face-up on the table, organized in columns by suit. Play proceeds clockwise, with each player required to follow suit if possible. Tricks are won by the highest trump, or if there
which differs from usual partnership practice that is chosen to avoid a later bidding problem. For example, playing five-card majors and holding a minimal strength opening hand, a strong four-card spade suit may be opened in preference to a weak five-card heart suit. See also prepared opening bid. Prepared club See short club. Present count A carding agreement under which a count signal shows the number of cards currently held. In a count-giving situation, a defender might first play the
which every pair comprises one male and one female player. 2) In the auction: A mixed raise is, by agreement, a jump cue bid of opener's suit in support of partner's overcall. It tends to show four card support for partner's suit and the strength of a good single raise. In 1♦ – (1♥) – 1♠ – (3♦), 3♦ is a mixed raise. Morton's fork coup A play that forces the defense to choose between taking a high card that
which extended a defensive alliance along with the Soviet Union's southern perimeter. Iran played an important role in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, providing Pakistan with nurses, medical supplies, and a gift of 5,000 tons of petroleum. Iran also indicated that it was considering an embargo on oil supplies to India for the duration of the armed conflict. The Indian government firmly believed that Iran had blatantly favoured Pakistan and sought to undermine India during the war. After the suspension
which had been advised not to expect civil disturbance and had, as a result, loaned its riot equipment out to other law enforcement agencies, responded quickly by calling up about 2,000 soldiers, but could not get them to the city until nearly 24 hours had passed. They lacked equipment and had to pick it up from the JFTB (Joint Forces Training Base), Los Alamitos, California, which was the location of the California Army Nation Guard's 40th Infantry Division headquarters. Air
which makes the choice of opening lead more difficult than other leads. The opening lead can determine the outcome of the deal. Opening leader The declarer's LHO, who always makes the opening lead. Opponent A member of the other partnership or team. Optimum contract In unopposed bidding, the contract that cannot be improved upon by further bidding, nor could have been improved upon by taking a different line in earlier bidding. The contract is regarded as optimum because it offers
which states that "the legislature of any state may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments". The amendment only empowers the legislature to delegate the authority to the governor and, once that authority has been delegated, does not permit the legislature to intervene. The authority is to decide whether the governor shall have the power to appoint temporary senators, not whom the governor may appoint. Sanford Levinson, in his rebuttal to Amar, argues that rather than engaging in a
which the EU has not. In other policy areas, the EU can only co-ordinate, support and supplement member state action but cannot enact legislation with the aim of harmonising national laws. That a particular policy area falls into a certain category of competence is not necessarily indicative of what legislative procedure is used for enacting legislation within that policy area. Different legislative procedures are used within the same category of competence, and even with the same policy area. The distribution
which was posted on YouTube for free along with episode two, had been viewed 5.4 million times within the first 24 hours. While it was noted that the response had been, in part, a result of YouTube releasing the episode for free, it was noted by Cinema Blend's Britt Lawrence that YouTube Red's new series debuted to numbers that made rival streaming services take notice. By October 30, 2018, ahead of the second-season premiere, YouTube was promoting the report that
which will come into effect on July 3. July 6–8 – The 18th G7 summit is held in Munich. July 6–29 – Iraq disarmament crisis: Iraq refuses a UN inspection team access to the Iraqi Ministry of Agriculture. UNSCOM claims that it has reliable information that the site contains archives related to illegal weapons activities. UN inspectors stage a 17-day "sit-in" outside of the building, but leave when their safety is threatened by Iraqi soldiers. July 10 In Miami, former
while he had spiritual beliefs, he did not follow any particular religion. Asked in 2004 for his favorite book, Wilson answered "the Bible", and questioned if he believed in life after death, Wilson replied "I don't". Wilson admitted to having a poor memory and occasionally lying in interviews to "test" people. His first memoir, Wouldn't It Be Nice: My Own Story, was written with journalist Todd Gold and published in October 1991. Landy was a close partner in the writing
while on the edges of the Inner Mongolian plateau in the north, broad grasslands predominate. Southern China is dominated by hills and low mountain ranges, while the central-east hosts the deltas of China's two major rivers, the Yellow River and the Yangtze River. Other major rivers include the Xi, Mekong, Brahmaputra and Amur. To the west sit major mountain ranges, most notably the Himalayas. High plateaus feature among the more arid landscapes of the north, such as the Taklamakan and
while, and he's entirely enamored of it." By 1966, Wilson acknowledged using "pills" for introspection rather than leisure and viewed psychedelic usage as benign. His 2016 memoir states that he abstained from consuming LSD for a second time until he was 23, around 1966 or 1967. Marilyn suspected he had numerous LSD experiences in the ensuing years, although she knew of only two such incidents at the time. Ledbetter, in 2004, claimed Wilson had taken LSD only three times in
whist, the goal of bridge is not simply to take the most tricks in a deal. Instead, the goal is successfully to estimate how many tricks one's partnership can take, and then to meet or exceed that estimate. To illustrate this, the simpler partnership trick-taking game of spades has a similar mechanism: the usual trick-taking rules apply with the trump suit being spades, but in the beginning of the game, players bid or estimate how many tricks they can win,
whist. This game, and variants of it known as "bridge" and "bridge whist", became popular in the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1890s despite the long-established dominance of whist. Its breakthrough was its acceptance in 1894 by Lord Brougham at London's Portland Club. In 1904, auction bridge was developed, in which the players bid in a competitive auction to decide the contract and declarer. The object became to make at least as many tricks as were contracted
who completed two rounds. He was a team captain on The Big Break Puerto Rico, where his team won. After Colin Kaepernick announced that he would be kneeling during the national anthem during games, Rice criticized his actions and said on Twitter, "All lives matter. So much going on in this world today. Can we all just get along! Colin, I respect your stance but don't disrespect the Flag". Following criticism from other players and the public, Rice offered support
who employed locals and provided basic needs such as groceries. Many of the looters, fearful of prosecution by law enforcement and condemnation from their neighbors, ended up placing looted items curbside in other neighborhoods to get rid of them. After three days of arson and looting, some 3,767 buildings were affected and damaged. and property damage was estimated at more than $1 billion. Donations were given to help with food and medicine. The office of State Senator Diane E. Watson
who evaluates bids and plays according to their outcome, rather than to their intrinsic merit. Also, "Result player" and "Second guesser". Retain the lead Maintain the right to lead to the next trick by leading and winning the current trick. Return To lead back, usually the suit that partner led. Reverse A bidding sequence in which a single player, on consecutive calls, bids two different suits, and bids the two suits in the reverse order to that expected by the
who mandated co-production by multi-instrumentalist Andy Paley to keep Wilson focused. In return, Landy was allowed to serve as executive producer. Other producers, including Russ Titelman and Lenny Waronker, soon joined the project, and conflicts with Landy emerged. Released in July 1988, Brian Wilson received favorable reviews and moderate sales, peaking at number 52 in the U.S. The album featured "Rio Grande", an eight-minute Western suite reminiscent of songs from Smile. Its release was largely overshadowed by the controversy surrounding
who subsequently responds by opening the Miyagi-do dojo with Sam and Robby, leading to a rivalry between the respective dojos. The following characters only appear via archival footage from the film series: There were a few works of popular culture prior to Cobra Kai that explored different readings of the first Karate Kid film. In 2007, the music video for the song "Sweep the Leg" by No More Kings stars William Zabka (who also directed the video) as a caricature
who were forced to the conclusion that neither their life, nor their liberty, to say nothing of the possibility of the pursuit of happiness, was available to them. Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi concluded that instead of taking in millions of refugees, India would be economically better off going to war against Pakistan. As early as 28 April 1971, the Indian Cabinet had asked General Manekshaw (Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff Committee) to "Go into East Pakistan". Hostile relations
wickets. Within a year, the equivalent batting record of highest run-scorer had also changed hands: Sachin Tendulkar surpassed the tally of 11,953 runs by Brian Lara. The record for most dismissals by a wicket-keeper is held by Mark Boucher of South Africa while the record for most catches by a fielder is held by Joe Root. In general the top five are listed in each category (except when there is a tie for the last place among the five, when
wide-ranging bid. UPH Unpassed hand. Unplayable 1) (Of a contract) Unable to be played so as to bring about a favorable outcome. 2) (Of an agreement) Inevitably bringing about undesirable bidding sequences or contracts. Unusual notrump An artificial jump overcall in notrump that shows a Two-suiter, usually bid to suggest a sacrifice. As originally played, 1M – (2NT) showed a hand weak in high cards with, probably, 5–5 in the minor suits. Unusual over unusual (OUO), or Unusual vs. unusual
widely used 2012 "Cooper" edition overlaps considerably in content with the 1991 Edition, but also includes many songs composed after that date. A detailed comparison of the two editions has been made by Sacred Harp scholar Gaylon L. Powell. The Sacred Harp was a popular name for 19th century hymn and tune books, with no fewer than four bearing the title. The first of these was compiled by John Hoyt Hickok and printed in Lewistown, Pennsylvania in 1832. The second
widowed mother to the Reseda neighborhood of Los Angeles. There, LaRusso encounters harassment from bullies, one of whom is Johnny Lawrence (Zabka), the ex-boyfriend of LaRusso's love interest, Ali Mills (Shue). LaRusso is taught karate by handyman and war veteran Mr. Miyagi (Morita) to help LaRusso defend himself and compete in a karate tournament against his bullies. Kamen was approached by Columbia Pictures to compose a film similar to Avildsen's previous success Rocky (1976), after Columbia signed the director. Kamen
will not tolerate disorder, let everyone remain at his post." Yahya Khan's new military government featured several active duty military officials: When Yahya Khan assumed the office on 25 March, he inherited a two-decade constitutional problem of inter-provincial ethnic rivalry between West Pakistan, which was almost exclusively Muslim and was dominated by the Punjabi-Pashtun-Mohajir peoples, and East Pakistan, whose population was largely ethnically Bengali and approximately three-fourths Muslim (as of the 1961 Census). In addition, Yahya also inherited the challenge
will recognise it as a significant milestone in man's quest for liberty. Colonel John Gill of National Defense University, US, remarks that, while India achieved a military victory, it was not able to reap the political fruits it might have hoped for in Bangladesh. After a brief 'honeymoon' phase between India and Bangladesh, their relationship began to sour. The perceived Indian overstay revived Bangladeshi anxieties of Hindu control. Many were concerned that Mujib was permitting Indian interference in the country's
will win anyway, this being the essence of the finesse). The game is now safe: South ruffs a small club with a dummy's trump, then ruffs a diamond in hand for an entry back, and ruffs the last club in dummy (sometimes described as a crossruff). Finally, South claims the remaining tricks by showing his or her hand, as it now contains only high trumps and there's no need to play the hand out to prove they are all winners.
win over the Cleveland Browns. He became the first player in NFL history to put up at least 20 receptions and three touchdown catches in his first three career games. He also became the youngest wide receiver in NFL history to record at least two touchdown receptions in a game at 21 years and 56 days old, surpassing the previous record set by Mike Evans at 21 years and 73 days old. In week 16, he had 7 receptions for
win the trick. (Noun) The card so played. Discouraging card A carding signal that discourages partner from leading a particular suit. Contrast Come-on. Discovery play A play, either by declarer or by the defense, intended to obtain information about the location of other cards. Distribution (Suit distribution) Of one suit on a deal, the numbers of cards or lengths in the four hands. Sometimes the length of a suit in one or two hands is known or presumed and its
winning bid. This is due to the increase in the number of bidders attracted by the low SOB. A chi-squared distribution shows many low bids but few high bids. Bids "show up together"; without several low bids there will not be any high bids. Another approach to choosing a SOB: The auctioneer may achieve good success by asking the expected final sales price for the item, as this method suggests to the potential buyers the item's particular value. For instance,
wish to change the contract named by the preceding bid, double or redouble. To pass transfers the right to make the next call to passer's LHO, unless it is the third consecutive pass, which ends the bidding (but see Passed out). See also No bid. 2) To play, from third hand, a lower card than the one led to the trick. If declarer leads the ♥J, LHO plays a small heart, and declarer plays the ♥2 from dummy's ♥AQ2, declarer
with East Pakistan's mainly agrarian economy. Also, Bengalis were underrepresented in the Pakistani military. Officers of Bengali origin in the different wings of the armed forces made up just 5% of the overall force by 1965; of these, only a few were in command positions, with the majority in technical or administrative posts. West Pakistanis believed that Bengalis were not "martially inclined", unlike Pashtuns and Punjabis; Bengalis dismissed the "martial races" notion as ridiculous and humiliating. Moreover, despite huge defense
with Mexican roots and not necessarily a Mexican holiday. Events tied to Cinco de Mayo also occur outside Mexico and the United States. As in the United States, celebrations elsewhere also emphasize Mexican cuisine, culture and music. For example, some Canadian pubs play Mexican music and serve Mexican food and drink, and a sky-diving club near Vancouver holds a Cinco de Mayo skydiving event. In the Cayman Islands, in the Caribbean, there is an annual Cinco de Mayo air guitar
with Pet Sounds, was immediately heralded as art rock's leading figure. Carlin writes that Wilson had originated an "art-rock" style that merged transcendent artistic possibilities with the mainstream appeal of pop music. Academic Larry Starr writes, "In a sense, Brian Wilson was the first self-conscious second-generation rock 'n' roller" as well as "the first fully realized" example of both an innovative and majorly successful pop musician, establishing a successful career model that was then followed by the Beatles and other
with San Francisco. The fact that he lost a Super Bowl overwhelmed him to the point that he cried in his hotel room after the game. In Week 4 of the 2003 season, Rice had seven receptions for 126 receiving yards in the 34–31 victory of the San Diego Chargers. In Week 16, against the Green Bay Packers, he had ten receptions for 159 receiving yards in the 41–7 loss. Overall, in the 2003 season, Rice caught 63 passes for
with Smiley Smile (September 1967), the band shifted recording operations to Wilson's studio, where they worked intermittently until 1972. The album marked the first time production was credited to the group collectively instead of Wilson alone. Producer Terry Melcher attributed this change to Wilson's reluctance to risk individual scrutiny, saying he no longer wanted to "put his stamp on records". In August 1967, Wilson briefly rejoined the band for two live performances in Honolulu, recorded for an unfinished live album
with a Cross of Saint George in the hoist. Erin Go Bragh is the motif of the episode The Kidnapped Prime Minister in series two of Agatha Christie's Poirot, originally aired in 1990. A version of the traditional Scottish song opens Dick Gaughan's 1981 album Handful of Earth. Andy Irvine and Patrick Street recorded Gaughan's version of the song on their 2007 album On the Fly. The expression was paraphrased by a punning New York Times headline Erin go broke,
with a script written by Rob Lieber, where the plot involves a teen from China moving to the United States and beginning to study martial arts. Karen Rosenfelt will produce the film, with principal photography beginning in April 2024. Originally scheduled to be released on June 7, 2024, the film was delayed to December 13, 2024, in part as a result of the 2023 writers and actors strikes. It was delayed again to May 30, 2025, to avoid conflict with
with aloof indifference" but "took up none of the points." Jayakar pointed out that Gandhi listened to Nixon "without a single comment, creating an impregnable space so that no real contact was possible." She also refrained from assuring Nixon that India would follow Pakistan's suit if it withdrew from India's borders. As a result, the main agenda was "dropped altogether." On 21 November Indian army start incursions on East Pakistan in the response of this on 3 December 1971, Yahya
with bowel cancer. He elected to have the lesion removed immediately, and consulted with White House counsel Fred F. Fielding about whether to invoke Section 3, and in particular about whether doing so would set an undesirable precedent. Fielding and White House Chief of Staff Donald Regan recommended that Reagan transfer power, and two letters were drafted: one specifically invoking Section 3, the other mentioning only that Reagan was mindful of its provisions. On July 13, Reagan signed the letter
with having "arguably pioneered", in popular music, the "approach to the sheer physicality of sound", an integral characteristic of the dream pop genre. Newer acts who were influenced by Wilson, or that voiced their admiration, included Robyn Hitchcock, Redd Kross, the Church, Rain Parade, Big Dipper, the Go-Betweens, Psychic TV, the Feelies, and the dBs. He was also credited with "godfathering" an era of independently produced music that was heavily indebted to his melodic sensibilities, chamber-pop orchestrations, and recording experiments.
with his own Saxon royal arms. Currently the following members of the royal family have their own arms based on the royal arms: Armorial of the United Kingdom Coat of arms of Canada – Canada's arms are closely modelled on the Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom Coat of arms of Ireland – Ireland uses the medieval arms of Ireland that are incorporated into the Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom Armorial of the House of
with increased cost of government. Critique of work Digital Product Passport Excess profits tax Global labor arbitrage Labor federation competition in the United States Labor Management Reporting and Disclosure Act Labour inspectorate List of trade unions Police union Profit margin Progressive Librarians Guild Project Labor Agreement Salt (union organizing) Union busting Strikebreaker Workplace politics Australian Council of Trade Unions LabourStart international trade union news service RadioLabour New Unionism Network Archived 6 January 2011 at the Wayback Machine Trade union membership
with inner-city residents bearing the brunt of such changes; such conditions engendered a widespread feeling of frustration and powerlessness in the urban populace, who reacted to the King verdicts with a violent expression of collective public protest. To Davis and other writers, the tensions between African Americans and Korean Americans had as much to do with the economic competition between the two groups caused by wider market forces as with cultural misunderstandings and anger about the killing of Latasha Harlins.
with its attacks against Pakistan as the campaign developed into a series of daylight anti-airfield, anti-radar, and close-support attacks by fighter jets, with night attacks against airfields and strategic targets by Canberras and An-12s, while Pakistan responded with similar night attacks with its B-57s and C-130s. The PAF deployed its F-6s mainly on defensive combat air patrol missions over their own bases, leaving the PAF unable to conduct effective offensive operations. The IAF's raids damaged one USAF and one UN
with its own investigative and enforcement powers (Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, pp. 4-5). Instead, the main EU institutions concluded an agreement, formally signed in May 2024, to establish a comparatively constrained Interinstitutional Body for Ethical Standards (IBES) (Alberto Alemanno, Chapter 13, p. 279; Silvia Kotanidis and Titouan Faucheux, EPRS Briefing, p. 8). The core task of this new entity is the development of "common minimum standards" for the conduct of the political members of the participating institutions,
with lower suicide/overdose deaths. Decreased unionization rates in the United States have been linked to an increase in occupational fatalities. In the United States, the weakening of unions has been linked to more favourable electoral outcomes for the Republican Party. Legislators in areas with high unionization rates are more responsive to the interests of the poor, whereas areas with lower unionization rates are more responsive to the interests of the rich. Higher unionization rates increase the likelihood of parental leave
with one out, the bases loaded, and the Giants leading the Oakland Athletics 5–4. Wilson struck out Adam Rosales and retired Rajai Davis to end the inning; he then pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the save. He recorded 22 saves in his first 24 chances and was named to the All-Star Game in which he threw a scoreless eighth inning in the contest, a 3–1 victory over the AL. On October 3 (the final day of the regular season),
with strength in that suit. Otherwise, the bid requests partner to sign off (in this example, by bidding 3♥). See short-suit game try and game try. Herbert negative Use of the cheapest bid (sometimes only the cheapest suit bid) as an artificial negative response to (for example) forcing 2-bids, strong artificial 2♣, or takeout doubles. It was advocated by Walter Herbert. Hesitation A brief pause before a bid or play, considered somewhat shorter than a Huddle. High–low signal See Echo.
with the Jew's harp have been done by artists such as Senem Diyici in the song 'Dolama Dolamayı' and Ravan Yuzkhan. In Sindhi music, the Jew's harp is called changu (چنگُ). In Sindhi music, it can be an accompaniment or the main instrument. One of the most famous players is Amir Bux Ruunjho. In Sicily, the Jew's harp is commonly known as marranzanu. Other names for the instrument include angalarruni, calarruni, gangalarruni, ganghilarruni, mariolu, mariolu di fera, marranzana, and ngannalarruni.
with the Rebels. After his college career, Rice had a try out for the Baltimore Ravens, but wasn't signed. Rice also tried out for the San Francisco 49ers, his father's former team. On June 26, 2014, he signed a contract with the Washington Redskins. On August 1, he suffered a torn labrum in training camp. Two days later, the Redskins waived him with an injury designation. After clearing waivers, he was placed on the Redskins' injured reserve. On May 4,
with the ace." Also, "go up with" RKCB Roman Key Card Blackwood, a slam bidding convention. Robert coup A rare end position which combines elements of ruff and discard, trump shortening, and endplaying to force an opponent to concede a trump trick Roman Descriptive of bids and carding agreements used or originated in the Roman system: Roman 2♣ and 2♦: Three-suiters. Roman Blackwood, Gerber and Roman Key Card Blackwood (RKCB): Step responses to the ace-asking bid that entail mild ambiguity.
with the availability of The Smile Sessions. Writing for NewMusicBox, Frank Oteri called BWPS "a wonderful album, but it is also not quite right. It is not and can never be a substitute for SMiLE". Music historian Clinton Heylin, who felt that the original Smile recordings failed to live up to the myth, characterized BWPS as "a pale shadow full of digital tweaks, and precious little sweet inspiration; showing if anything that there never was a realised record". In 2009,
with the band. He described himself as "a kind of drop-out". In September 1971, Wilson told a reporter he had recently returned to arranging rather than writing. In December, at a Long Beach concert, manager Jack Rieley persuaded Wilson to perform with the Beach Boys, though his appearance lasted only minutes. From late 1971 to early 1972, Wilson and musician David Sandler collaborated on Spring, the first album by Marilyn Wilson and Diane Rovell's new group, American Spring. As with
with the remaining control. The purpose is to arrange that one opponent has to guard more menaces than he can successfully manage. Transnational 1) A pair or team whose members differ in "nationality". Typically they are members of different national bridge federations, thus registered players. 2) An event (tournament) that permits transnational pairs or teams to enter. A transnational event is open in sense (c). Trap pass See Sandbag. Traveller A type of score slip on which the result of
with the song, the shapes help with the task of sight reading. The process of reading through the song with the shapes also helps fix the notes in memory. Once the shapes have been sung, the group then sings the verses of the song with their printed words. Sacred Harp groups always sing a cappella, that is to say, without accompanying instruments. The singers arrange themselves in a hollow square, with rows of chairs or pews on each side assigned
with the two-part play closing in the West End on 20 September 2026 and re-opening as the one-part play on 6 October 2026. In December 2013, it was revealed that a stage play based on the Harry Potter series had been in development for around a year, with the view to bringing it to the stage sometime in 2016. At the time of the announcement, author J. K. Rowling revealed that the play would "explore the previously untold story of
with the... complex situation." Some sources claim Yahya accepted Ayub's proposal on 25 March. On 26 March 1969, General Yahya appeared on national television and announced a state of martial law throughout the entirety of the country. The 1962 constitution was abrogated, the parliament was dissolved, and Ayub's civilian officials were dismissed. In his first nationwide address, Yahya maintained, "I will not tolerate disorder, let everyone remain at his post." Yahya Khan's new military government featured several active duty military
with what unions see as the worker's interests. However, it strengthened after the Labour party's election of Ed Miliband, who defeated his brother David Miliband to become leader of the party. Additionally, in the past, there was a group known as the Conservative Trade Unionists, or CTU, formed of people who sympathized with right-wing Conservative policy but were Trade Unionists. Companies that employ workers with a union generally operate on one of several models: A closed shop (US) or a
within the ambit of NPT." In 1987, Pakistan and Iran signed an agreement on civil nuclear energy cooperation, with Zia-Ul-Haq personally visiting Iran as part of its "Atoms for Peace" program. Internationally, Zia calculated that this cooperation with Iran was purely a "civil matter", necessary for maintaining good relations with Tehran. According to the IAEA, Iran wanted to purchase fuel-cycle technology from Pakistan, but was rebuffed. Zia did not approve any further nuclear deals, but one of Pakistan's senior scientists
within the community, and second-generation children spoke on behalf of the community. Korean Americans began to have different occupation goals, from store-owners to political leaders. Korean Americans worked to gain governmental aid to rebuild their damaged neighborhoods. Countless community and advocacy groups have been established to further fuel Korean political representation and understanding. Edward Taehan Chang, a professor of ethnic studies and founding director of the Young Oak Kim Center for Korean American Studies at the University of California, Riverside,
within those four days, then the vice president remains acting president while Congress considers the matter. Then, if within 21 days the Senate and the House determine, each by a two-thirds vote, that the president is unable, the vice president remains acting president; otherwise the president resumes his powers and duties. Section 4's requirement of a two-thirds vote in both the House and the Senate is stricter than the Constitution's requirement for impeachment and removal of the president for "high
without authority. The president regains those powers and duties upon declaring in writing his ability to discharge them. Section 4 addresses the case of a president who cannot discharge the powers and duties of the presidency but also cannot, or does not, execute the voluntary declaration contemplated by Section 3. It allows the vice president, together with a "majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide", to
wizard" and says she transferred part of her pain about losing her mother to him. During the book, Harry makes two close friends, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger. Ron is described by Rowling as the ultimate best friend, "always there when you need him". Rowling has described Hermione as a "very logical, upright and good" character with "a lot of insecurity and a great fear of failure beneath her swottiness". Rowling also imagined a supporting cast of adults. The headmaster
wollastonite würmien würtzite ( also wurtzite) yacht "yacht" ( < Eng < Dut < Gmc) yacht-club yachting yachtman yachtsman yachtwoman yankee yard yass yawl yé-yé (also yéyé) yearling yeoman yeomanry yo-yo (also yoyo) yoyoter (also yoyotter) yole "yawl" ( < Dut jol or LG jolle, a type of small boat < Gmc) zapper zappeur zapping zeppelin zig (also zigue) zigzag "zigzag" ( < Germ Zickzack < Zacke "tack, cog, tooth" < Gmc) zigzaguer zigzagant zigzagueur zigzagure zinc "zinc" ( <
woman (she turned 18 during the press coverage) using the online name "Miss Spring" was reported to have auctioned her virginity for £200,000 to a British man, to pay for family debts. Her original eBay listing was removed, and she reportedly declined the British winner's offer to marry her, and the auction was continued via a Hungarian television station (Tabu TV). However, the Austrian Times reported on 2 September that after being beaten by four men at her home in
women to become priests. November 13 The government of Peru announces it has arrested a small group of army officers who were plotting the assassination of President Alberto Fujimori. A report by the World Meteorological Organization reports an unprecedented level of ozone depletion in both the Arctic and Antarctic. November 14 – In poor conditions caused by Cyclone Forrest, Vietnam Airlines Flight 474 crashes near Nha Trang, killing 30. November 15 – The Lithuanian parliamentary election sees the Communists of
won from East Pakistan; the socialist PPP had 81, and the conservative PML had 10. The general elections's results reflected the ugly political reality: the Pakistani electorate was deeply polarized along regional lines, particularly between East Pakistan and West Pakistan. As a result, Pakistan stood politically divided. A series of bilateral talks between the PPP and Mujibur Rahman produced no results and were unable to come to an agreement regarding any transfer of power from West Pakistan's representatives to East
won most of the British book awards that were judged by children and other awards in the US. The book reached the top of the New York Times list of best-selling fiction in August 1999, and stayed near the top of that list for much of 1999 and 2000. It has been translated into 85 other languages and made into a feature-length film of the same name, as have all six of its sequels. The novel has sold in excess
words and music alone. Most of his songs explore introspective themes, and several portray the male object or narrator as a "loser", evident on "She Knows Me Too Well", "Don't Hurt My Little Sister", "Merry Christmas, Baby", and "All Dressed Up for School". Other recurring themes in Wilson's songs include feminine objectification, youthful innocence, slice of life stories, and health and fitness. Although the Beach Boys became known for surfing imagery, his compositions with collaborators outside the band typically avoided
work. In a 1998 interview, Wilson listed 15 Big Ones and Love You as his two favorite Beach Boys albums. At the end of 1976, Wilson's family and management dismissed Landy after he raised his monthly fee to $20,000 ($113,000 in 2025). Shortly afterward, Wilson told a journalist he considered the treatment successful. Landy's role was immediately assumed by his cousins, Steve Korthof and Stan Love, and professional model Rocky Pamplin, a college friend of Stan. Under their supervision, Wilson
workers, consumers of the goods or services produced, and the shareholders of the unionized business. Economist Milton Friedman sought to show that unionization produces higher wages (for the union members) at the expense of fewer jobs, and that, if some industries are unionized while others are not, wages will tend to decline in non-unionized industries. Friedrich Hayek criticized unions in chapter 18 of his publication The Constitution of Liberty. Trade unions frequently advocate for seniority-based compensation and against meritocracy. Some
works of Shakespeare and Lord Byron. He often engaged in discussions about these poets, especially appreciating conversations with individuals fluent in English who could converse on such literary topics. Yahya Khan was placed under house arrest by the succeeding administration of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Initially, Yahya was confined to the Banni rest-house, a forest bungalow near Kharian, without a formal detention order. This location was selected to ensure his isolation and protection as well as to facilitate his forthcoming testimony
works, the production values remain high and it has clearly been hit with a juggernaut of money." The Daily Telegraph, while not as positive, still approved of the episode, stating "The writing is still rather ropey. Clarkson's suggestion of a new nickname for May – "Dingleberry Handpump" – failed to raise a titter even among the super-fans gathered for the London premiere" but also said that "for each wobble, there are just as many moments when The Grand Tour manages
world and represents itself at the United Nations, the World Trade Organization, the G7 and the G20. In 2012, the EU was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The EU was established, along with its citizenship, when the Maastricht Treaty came into force in 1993, and was incorporated as an international legal juridical person upon entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon in 2009. Its beginnings can be traced to the Inner Six states (Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands,
world premiere production. To meet the demand for tickets, the play's booking period was extended through January 2017. Upon tickets being made available to the general public, an extension was announced through 30 April 2017. On the same day, another extension was announced, this time through 27 May 2017. On 20 December 2015, initial casting was announced with Jamie Parker playing Harry Potter, Noma Dumezweni playing Hermione Granger and Paul Thornley playing Ron Weasley. The casting of the dark-skinned Noma
world's longest bridge spanning ice-covered waters, opens between Prince Edward Island and New Brunswick, Canada. June 1 Socialist Party-led Centre-left coalition won the second-round in 1997 French legislative elections, began with the third Cohabitation (1997–2002). Hugo Banzer wins the Presidential elections in Bolivia. June 2 – In Denver, Colorado, Timothy McVeigh is convicted on 15 counts of murder and conspiracy for his role in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. June 10 – Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot orders the killing
worldwide in English on 21 June 2003. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was published on 16 July 2005 and sold 11 million copies in the first 24 hours of its worldwide release. The seventh and final novel, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, was published on 21 July 2007. The book sold 11 million copies within 24 hours of its release: 2.7 million copies in the UK and 8.3 million in the US. An illustrated version of Harry Potter
worn by officers of arms of the College of Arms and Court of the Lord Lyon. These garments are worn at several traditional ceremonies, such as the annual procession and service of the Order of the Garter at Windsor Castle, the State Opening of Parliament, the coronation, and state funerals. The royal arms regularly feature on British coinage, and are used as a logo by the Royal Mint. In 2008 a new series of designs for all seven coins of
would be some protection against the federal government's swallowing up states and their powers, and providing a check on the power of the federal government. Additionally, the longer terms and avoidance of popular election turned the Senate into a body that could counter the populism of the House. While the representatives operated in a two-year direct election cycle, making them frequently accountable to their constituents, the senators could afford to "take a more detached view of issues coming before Congress".
would end the auction. Pattern See distribution. Pearson points High card points plus number of spades held. See Hand evaluation. Penalty 1) A score awarded to the defense when declarer's contract goes down. The size of the penalty depends on the number of tricks that declarer was set, the vulnerability, and whether the contract was doubled, or redoubled. See Score. 2) A remedy assigned by a director to redress damage done by an infraction. The penalty for a minor, procedural
would have been on the original Smile. The vocals were recorded using a Universal Audio tube mixing console identical to the one used by the Beach Boys at United Western Recorders in the 1960s. The album was recorded onto a custom Pro Tools HD rig. Mixing was completed in late July, just as the band were to begin their tour of Europe. Wilson mostly avoided the mixing sessions. Linett said, "Brian would come in, make comments, take stuff home, then
would premiere on Broadway at the Lyric Theatre. In preparation for the play, the Lyric Theatre underwent extensive renovations after its last show, the Cirque du Soleil musical Paramour, left the theatre, which included removing 400 seats from the auditorium and moved the entrance to West 43rd Street. The New York Times estimated that it was the most expensive non-musical Broadway play ever, incurring approximately $68 million in opening costs. Tickets initially went on sale on 18 October 2017. On
would withdraw French troops from Mexico. In reply to a French request for American neutrality, the American secretary of state William H. Seward replied that French withdrawal from Mexico should be unconditional. More popular in the United States than in Mexico, Cinco de Mayo has become associated with the celebration of Mexican-American culture. Celebrations began in Columbia, California, where they have been observed annually since 1862. The day gained nationwide popularity beyond those of Mexican-American heritage in the 1980s due
wouldn't know if it was new or something that had always been there. Van Dyke would listen, look up, and then point up in the air and nod his head, like confirmation of some thread he'd left behind. [...] For them to come up with ideas now, whether they were there all along or if they were new, it was seamless to me. They created their own universe. A number of short, orchestral segues between songs were newly written for
write a fairy tale, Mount Vernon and Fairway, drawing on memories of listening to the radio at Mike Love's family home in his youth. The group declined to include the fairy tale on their next album, Holland (January 1973), and instead released it as a bonus EP packaged with the album. That April, Wilson briefly joined his bandmates onstage during an encore at the Hollywood Palladium. After his father's death in June 1973, Wilson secluded himself in the chauffeur's quarters
writing "'Til I Die", later calling the song a summation of "everything I had to say at the time". Later in 1969, Wilson produced poet Stephen Kalinich's spoken-word album A World of Peace Must Come. That November, the Beach Boys signed to Reprise Records, a subsidiary of Warner Bros., with contractual terms requiring Wilson's active participation in their albums. In March 1970, Wilson briefly substituted for Mike Love on tour. In April, he attempted to produce a country and western
wrote in NME; "It's rare that you can honestly say you were present at a moment of genuine historic significance. And it's rarer still that the reality of these occasions measures up to the hype." In March, GQ ranked BWPS among the "Top Five Gigs of All Time". Parks attended several more of Wilson's shows, commenting, "It's absolutely thrilling. I did two shows in London, two in New York and two in LA, and you can't help but be engaged
wrote that Section 4 should have been invoked. Physician to the President Daniel Ruge, who supervised Reagan's treatment immediately after the shooting, said he had erred by not having Reagan invoke Section 3 because Reagan needed general anesthesia and was in an intensive care unit. After the January 6 United States Capitol attack, President Donald Trump was accused of having incited the incident, and by evening some of his Cabinet members were reportedly considering trying to get Vice President Mike
wrote: "There is little doubt that Mascarenhas' reportage played its part in ending the war. It helped turn world opinion against Pakistan and encouraged India to play a decisive role", with Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi saying that Mascarenhas' article led her "to prepare the ground for India's armed intervention". Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was arrested by the Pakistani Army. Yahya Khan appointed Brigadier (later General) Rahimuddin Khan to preside over a special tribunal prosecuting Rahman with multiple charges. The tribunal's
xxx, Axx, KTxx, and Jxxx in the side suit; shortness is a good holding and so is a good suit. Such a suit is likely to be a good one for the defenders to attack. A long suit game try shows a suit of at least four cards, so that a double fit is not unlikely; if a major suit, that is a potential alternative trump suit. Anyway, it shows that a cover card is useful regardless of length, and
yards and a touchdown. Overall, he finished his rookie season with 55 receptions for 788 yards and two touchdowns. He was named to the PFWA All-Rookie Team, becoming the second Panthers receiver to claim this award, joining Rae Carruth in 1997. In Week 3 against the Arizona Cardinals, Moore caught one pass for a 52-yard touchdown in the 38–20 win. In Week 10 against the Green Bay Packers, Moore caught nine passes for 120 yards in the 24–16 loss. During
year. The country was unstable and fragmented during the Warlord Era, this came to an end with the Northern Expedition conducted by the Kuomintang to reunify the country. The Chinese Civil War began in 1927, when Kuomintang forces purged members of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). China was invaded by the Empire of Japan in 1937, leading the CCP and Kuomintang to form the Second United Front to fight the Japanese. The Second Sino-Japanese War ended in a Chinese victory;
years from the age of 6 and 15. The Gaokao, China's national university entrance exam, is a prerequisite for entrance into most higher education institutions. Vocational education is available to students at the secondary and tertiary level. More than 10 million Chinese students graduated from vocational colleges every year. In 2024, about 92.0 percent of students continued their education at a three-year senior secondary school, while 60.8 percent of secondary school graduates were enrolled in higher education. China has the
years, and immediately asked what word came after "cheering". Parks requested a lyric sheet to be faxed, and within minutes, called back and clarified that the word was "Indians". After Wilson and Sahanaja finished their work for that day, Wilson called Parks again and had a lengthier conversation, during which Parks accepted the invitation to join the project. Parks assumed his original role, providing lyrics that had been written in the 1960s but not previously documented, and some that were
years. He refused many television interviews on the subject of the controversial events of 1971 and died on 28 March 2002. He was survived by three sons and two daughters. He was laid to rest with military honours in the Westridge cemetery in Rawalpindi. Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee Aziz Khan attended his funeral, accompanied by the Army Chief of Staff, Chief of Air Staff, Chief of Naval Staff and other senior military and civil officials. Former prime minister
youngest male artist in the world since Michael Jackson in 1969. December 4-5 – Black Sabbath perform a pair of reunion shows in their hometown of Birmingham, England. They are the first full-length concerts by the original lineup of the band since 1978. December 10 – Faith Hill and LeAnn Rimes at the Christmas Time with Eddy Arnold. December 26 – The Spice Girls release their big screen debut Spiceworld: The Movie, starring Richard E. Grant, Roger Moore, Elton John
£6,000 bid, but she claimed the entire episode was a "joke" after she was confronted. In early 2010, it was reported that an alleged 19-year-old New Zealand student, calling herself "unigirl", had sold her virginity for US$36,100. In January 2012, the New Zealand Herald reported that the auction appeared to have been a hoax. In August 2010, a 17-year-old Hungarian woman (she turned 18 during the press coverage) using the online name "Miss Spring" was reported to have auctioned her
Éire go Brách, which is pronounced [ˈeːɾʲə ɡə ˈbˠɾˠaːx]. Some uses of the phrase will use Éirinn, which survives as the dative form in the modern standard form of Irish and is the source of the poetic form, Erin. The term brách is equivalent to "eternity" or "end of time", meaning the phrase may be translated literally as "Ireland until eternity" or "Ireland to the end (of time)". Éire go Bráth (or Éirinn go Bráth) is also used in Irish
– Alex Ferris, Canadian actor April 25 – Tony Poljan, American Football Player April 26 – Amber Midthunder, American actress May 2 – Perla Haney-Jardine, Brazilian-American actress May 11 – Lana Condor, American actress May 12 – Odeya Rush, Israeli actress May 24 - Aysha Joy Samuel, German actress May 30 Zoe Renee, American actress Jake Short, American actor June 3 – Alison Oliver, Irish actress June 13 – Theodore Pellerin, Canadian actor June 16 – Camila Morrone, American model
– Ben and Jerry's introduce "Phish Food", a new flavor of ice cream named after the rock group Phish. The ingredients are chocolate ice cream, marshmallows, caramel and fish-shaped fudge. February 24 – The Spice Girls win Best Video for "Say You'll Be There" and Best Single for "Wannabe" at the BRIT Awards. Geri Halliwell's Union Jack dress from the girls' live performance hogs the headlines the next day. February 26 – The 39th Annual Grammy Awards are presented in
– Bob Dylan performs for Pope John Paul II at a Catholic youth event in Bologna, Italy. September 29 The Rolling Stones release Bridges to Babylon. The Verve release Urban Hymns. In a controversial legal dispute, the majority of their royalties and songwriting credit for their single "Bitter Sweet Symphony" go to The Rolling Stones. October 7 – Everclear release their multi-platinum third album So Much for the Afterglow, containing "Father of Mine" and "I Will Buy You a New
– Elena Kampouris, American actress September 19 – Jayme Lawson, American actress September 30 – Havana Rose Liu, American actress, model, dancer, activist and designer October 6 – Honor Swinton Byrne, British actress October 7 – Kira Kosarin, American actress October 8 – Bella Thorne, American actress October 10 – Grace Rolek, American actress and voice actress October 20 – John Bell, Scottish actor October 23 – Zach Callison, American actor and voice actor October 26 – Rhenzy Feliz, American
– James Brown receives a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Hollywood, USA. January 17–February 2 – The Big Day Out festival takes place in Australia and New Zealand, headlined by Soundgarden, The Offspring and The Prodigy. Sepultura are originally named in the lineup, but cancel their performance after the departure of former frontman Max Cavalera in December 1996. They are later replaced by Fear Factory. January 19 – Madonna wins Best Actress In A Motion Picture, Musical
– Leo Howard, American actor and martial artist July 18 – Fionn Whitehead, British actor July 19 – Amita Suman, Nepali-British actress July 22 – Field Cate, American actor July 23 – Chloé Hayden, Australian actress August 5 Olivia Holt, American actress and singer Adam Irigoyen, American actor August 13 – Yeo Jin-goo, South Korean actor August 18 – Josephine Langford, Australian actress August 25 Holly Gibbs, English child actress Bryana Salaz, American actress and singer August 28 – Emilia
– Madeleine Albright becomes the first female Secretary of State of the United States, after confirmation by the United States Senate. January 26 – VJTI changes its name from Victoria Jubilee Technical Institute to Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute in Mumbai. February 4 On their way to Lebanon, two Israeli troop-transport helicopters collide, killing all 73 on board. After at first contesting the results, Serbian President Slobodan Milošević recognizes opposition victories in the November 1996 elections. A magnitude 6.5 earthquake strikes
– Shane Baumel, American former teen actor February 14 – Madison Iseman, American actress February 23 – Pallavi Dey, Indian actress (d. 2022) February 25 – Isabelle Fuhrman, American actress March 2 – Becky G, American singer and actress March 3 – Camila Cabello, Cuban singer and actress March 6 – Alisha Boe, Norwegian-American actress March 9 – Niamh Wilson, Canadian actress March 10 – Madeleine Arthur, Canadian actress March 18 – Ciara Bravo, American actress March 28 – Annabelle
– The Spice Girls release their big screen debut Spiceworld: The Movie, starring Richard E. Grant, Roger Moore, Elton John and Stephen Fry. The movie makes £6.8m in its first week of release. December 31 The Home of Country Music, the Opryland USA theme park, in Nashville, Tennessee, USA closes and is subsequently demolished. Namie Amuro performs on NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen for the last time before beginning her maternal hiatus. Mikael Åkerfeldt and Peter Lindgren fire Johan De Farfalla
– Ulster loyalist paramilitary leader Billy Wright is assassinated inside Long Kesh prison in Northern Ireland. December 29 – Hong Kong begins to kill all the chickens within its territory (1.25 million) to stop the spread of a potentially deadly Influenza A virus subtype H5N1 strain. December 30 – Wilaya of Relizane massacres of December 30, 1997: In the worst incident in Algeria's insurgency, 423 people from four villages in the wilaya of Relizane are killed. Chemistry – Paul D.
– a fee paid by a consignor/seller to the auction house; it is typically calculated as a percentage of the winning bid and deducted from the gross proceeds due to the consignor/seller. Consignee and consignor – as pertaining to auctions, the consignor (also called the seller, and in some contexts the vendor) is the person owning the item to be auctioned or the owner's representative, while the consignee is the auction house. The consignor maintains title until such time that
– people, planet, prosperity, peace and partnership – in order to tackle the global challenges that are crucial for the survival of humanity. EU development action is based on the European Consensus on Development, which was endorsed on 20 December 2005 by EU Member States, the council, the European Parliament and the commission. It is applied from the principles of capability approach and rights-based approach to development. Funding is provided by the Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance and the Global Europe
– surrounded King, who came out of the car last. None of the officers involved were African-American; officers Koon, Wind and Powell were white, while Briseno and Solano were of Hispanic origin. They tasered King, struck him dozens of times with side-handled batons, kick-stomped him in his back and tackled him to the ground before handcuffing him and hogtying his legs. Sergeant Koon later testified at trial that King resisted arrest and that he believed King was under the influence
– that the balance of power had shifted to India as a major player in the region. In the wake of changing geopolitical realities, India sought to establish closer relations with regional countries such as Iran, which was a traditional ally of Pakistan. The United States itself accepted a new balance of power, and when India conducted a surprise nuclear test in 1974, the US notified India that it had no "interest in actions designed to achieve new balance of
€50 million for laying of 170Km transmission lines for the import of 1000MW of electricity from Iran in 2009. Pakistan is already importing 34MW of electricity daily from Iran. The imported electricity is much cheaper than the electricity produced by the Independent Power Producers (IPPs) because Iran subsidises oil and gas which feed the power plants. Iran has also offered to construct a motorway between Iran and Pakistan connecting the two countries. In May 2023, Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and
♦9. The origin of the term is uncertain. Cut in and cut out In rubber bridge, it is customary on completion of a rubber to invite other players in the cardroom to play in the next one, often by a cry of "Table up". The players in the completed rubber draw cards to determine who will withdraw; the one or more who draw the lowest card or cards are said to cut out, and their replacements to cut in. Cutthroat
